"Arbitrary and differential," says Saussure, "are two correlative characteristics.
"Older" than Being itself, such a différance has no name in our language.
"The circle is square" is a proposition invested with meaning.
"There is no name for it": a proposition to be read in its platitude.
A classic question, but inevitable.
A conference on me, where I am here... why do they want me to be here, to listen to my name?
A culture began before culture — and humanity.
A few more words on the subject of "the context".
A final point.
A mask, indeed a visor that may always be hiding no living gaze beneath the helmet.
A moment ago, I mentioned dissemination as opposed to application.
A monster is always alive, let us not forget.
A monster may be obviously a composite figure of heterogeneous organisms that are grafted onto each other.
A problem of economy and strategy.
A project that concerns the development of a certain space at the Villette.
A pyramid.
A science of science which would no longer have the form of logic but that of grammatics?
A species: a communication having a relative specificity within a genus.
A surviving inherited at the origin, but at every instant afterwards?
A word about this perspective of the event we call the work and the signature of the architect.
A writing that was not structurally legibleiterablebeyond the death of the addressee would not be writing.
A written sign is proffered in the absence of the addressee.
Absolutely.
Accepting the gift is to countersign.
According to Saussure, the passivity of speech is first its relationship with language.
Ah... it's not an opposition.
All graphemes are of a testamentary essence.
All my essays are attempts to have it out with this formidable question.
All of this makes for a landscape that is very, very .
All this we are excluding from consideration.
Although the phenomenologist is not the only one to speak this language.
Always differing and deferring, the trace is never as it is in the presentation of itself.
Among other things I wished to translate and adapt to my own ends the Heidggerian word Destruktion or Abbau.
An original and rigorously delimited description of this may thus be promised.
Analogy is a major concept in Condillac's thought.
And I assert once again that these two determinations coexist implicitly in the discourses of Levi-Strauss.
And I hold that one ought not to try to master this destination.
And I insist upon the word sheaf for two reasons.
And above all with a “vulgar concept of time.” I borrow this expression from Heidegger.
And as we shall begin to see, difference cannot be thought without the trace.
And especially through the Heideggerean text.
And even today the notion of a structure lacking any center represents the unthinkable itself.
And here I arrive at your question.
And if, such a necessary possibility of failure being granted, it still constitutes an accident.
And in this we may see the site of a reinterpretation of mimesis in its alleged opposition to physic).
And is not this surviving conjuration a part, ineffaceably, of the revolutionary promise?
And it is a tomb that cannot even be made to resonate.
And it is already clear that even in French, things change from one context to another.
And it is precisely a syntax of South American mythology that I wanted to outline.
And it plays the game without security.
And so, we need a historical perspective.
And such is the question inscribed in the simulated affirmation of differance.
And that goes for the word deconstruction, as for every word.
And that one puts into question the name of the name.
And that will be good.
And that, as such, it ought to, it will have to disappear with other forms of production.
And the former (Historie in German) presupposes the latter (Geschichte).
And the opposition of life and death in language is a false opposition.
And the original absence of the subject of writing is also the absence of the thing or the referent.
And the thread of that history clearly does not run within the borders of metaphysics.
And the translation would be, as it always must be, a transformation of one language by another.
And their two dimensions are not added up but the one implies the other in a strange fashion.
And then, on the other hand, there are exchanges with Tschumi.
And this de-limitation will also affect discourse on religion, ideology, and fetishism.
And this is invisibility itself.
And this is what I'm fighting against.
And this is writing too.
And to be sure that the risk is taken, one has to negociate with the assurances.
And to understand why Saussure savs of language that it “is not a function of the speaker”.
And today no exercise is more widespread.
And vice versa, which makes the diachrony circular and transforms the distinction into a complication.
And we are thereby led to explicate the relation of one to the other.
And were a single one of them to have taken place a single time, it would still have to be accounted for.
And what holds for consciousness holds here for so-called subjective existence in general.
And what if it were the Thing itself, the cause of the very thing one is seeking and that makes one seek?
And what if writing were precisely that which makes us reconsider our logic of the parasite?
And what is a parasite?
And what is true of the point is true of a multiplicity of points, of ones as points.
And when I say that I am applied Derrida, the name was applied to my body.
And which — such is the most difficult problem — is no longer at all mundane?
And who will ever make progress without exchange-value?
And whose origin could not be lost on the way?
And yet, it's hardly in an interview that one can say what needs to be done.
And, as always, coherence in contradiction expresses the force of a desire.
And, as we know, these two motifs - arbitrary and differential - are inseparable in his view.
And, the difference in the body of the inscription is also invisible.
Anyone is not just anyone.
Arche-writing as spacing cannot occur as such within the phenomenological experience of a presence.
Are there signatures?
Are they the same thing?
Arkhé, as you know, names at once the commencement and the commandment.
As I consider these questions, why do I name Ulysses, the proper name, Ulysses?
As for the concept of experience, it is most unwieldy here.
As rigorously as possible we must permit to appear/disappear the trace of what exceeds the truth of Being.
As the phenomenology of the sign in general, a phenomenology of writing is impossible.
As the subject's relationship with its own death, this becoming is the constitution of subjectivity.
As to a response, one that is so urgently needed, that's obviously what we've been talking about all along.
As we have suspected for a long time, it is nothing of the sort, yet we are forever forgetting this.
As we must hasten the conclusion, let us schematise things.
Assuming even, along with Marx, that the latter will ever have a possible end.
At any rate one never reads immediately.
At least for us and for the moment.
At least in the new sense...
At least it would not annul everything about its event and its inaugurality.
At least this permutation has always remained interdicted (I use this word deliberately).
At least two.
At our last meeting I promised you some schematic and preliminary reflections on the word "deconstruction".
At that moment, monstrosity may reveal or make one aware of what normality is.
At that time structuralism was dominant.
At the very origin of capital.
Auditory signifiers have at their command only the dimension of time.
Austin acknowledges an analogous function in the expression "hereby" used in official protocols.
Autonomy, Heteronomy.
Before being its object, writing is the condition of the epistémè.
Besides the tension of freeplay with history, there is also the tension of freeplay with presence.
Better yet, bow does it work from within the concept of science itself?
Between earth and sky.
Between the two beliefs, as always, the way remains narrow.
Both at once.
Both at the same time.
Both belong to a single and same era.
Both in the order of the commencement and in the order of the commandment.
Brotherhood, fraternity, is the figure of this canonical friendship.
But I wouldn't draw the consequence that they are more "living" than the others.
But Ulysses means something else.
But all these destructive discourses and all their analogues are trapped in a sort of circle.
But are the prerequisites of a context ever absolutely determinable?
But as you know, because of the law of iterability [microphone feedback], it is immediately applicable.
But before we get to that, let us take a few steps backward and formulate a few questions.
But even "green is or" still signifies an example of agrammaticality.
But if it is a form, it is because “in language there are only differences”.
But if one doesn't take such risks, then one does nothing, and nothing happens.
But in both cases, the genetic root-system refers from sign to sign.
But in memory, this time, of that impure “impure impure history of ghosts.
But in neither of these cases would such a present being be "constituted" by this différance.
But in no instance can the requirement of a total mythical discourse be raised as an objection.
But is this not right away impossible?
But it is also a prohibition, a system of norms and interdicts; in this sense one could call it cultural.
But it is on the other hand the being-imprinted of the imprint.
But it is the most important of all these systems (italics added).
But it was also an antistructuralist gesture, and its fortune rests in part on this ambiguity.
But let me use the term "event" anyway, employing it with caution and as if in quotation marks.
But neither captures the movements of anyone.
But of course this unconditionality is a frightening thing, it's scary.
But of doubting its strict purity.
But perhaps in Latin, in a Latinate language like French, "pensée" shouldbe replaced by something else.
But perhaps it is the least bad word for gathering all this together.
But rather with the word *archive* and with the archive of so familiar a word.
But that doesn't prevent me from having reservations about some manifestations of feminism.
But that must come to terms with the forces of rupture.
But that presupposes a modification of the concept of writing that we for the moment merely anticipate.
But the movement of the trace is necessarily occulted, it produces itself as self-occultation.
But the notion of the monster is rather difficult to deal with, to get a hold on, to stabilize.
But the one of the event is not necessarily, I would say, especially not, individual and indivisible.
But the traumas occurred nonetheless.
But the vision also survives.
But there are many ways of being caught in this circle.
But they fall a fortiori outside the field of linguistics as the region of general semiology.
But this is because it could never appear itself, as such.
But we're in a historical phase when things like this are changing.
But what defers or who defers?
But what is consciousness?
But what would Enlightenment be without the market?
But why did I come here unprepared, with fake notes ?
But yes, I can recall it.
But, in any case, how can one make a point?
But, whether one like it or not, there is an "effect of the idiom for the other".
By definition, I do not know to whom it is addressed.
By definition, a written signature implies the actual or empirical nonpresence of the signer.
By definition, difference is never in itself a sensible plenitude.
By repressing them, on the other hand, many others can also be dissimulated or displaced.
By the fact that it does not recognise itself in a mirror.
Can it thus be allowed to be reappropriated and domesticated by academic institutions?
Can one conceive an atheological heritage of the messianic?
Can one, in order to question it, address oneself to a ghost?
Capital contradiction.
Capitalisation also.
Certain statements can have a meaning, although they are without objective signification.
Certainly.
Cinders, however, is an absolute non-memory, so to speak.
Commodities have business with other commodities, these hard-headed spectres have commerce among themselves.
Confronting a problem free of contradition or undecidability requires no responsibility.
Consider the difference in French between n'importe qui and chacun, tout un chacun.
Contamination happens because iterability inhabits from the very first what is not yet thought.
Contradiction and secret inhabit the injunction (the spirit of the father, if one prefers).
Could we have a friend who is politically an enemy and vice versa, and so forth?
Critical problematisation continues to do battle against ghosts.
Critique always operates in view of the decision after or by means of a judgment.
Curious of the very thing that it conjures — and that leaves something to be desired.
David Farrell Krell and Frank Capuzzi (New York: Harper and Row, 1975).
Deconstruction concerns first of all systems.
Deconstruction is also a deconstruction of critique.
Deconstruction is not a critique.
Deconstruction is not a method and cannot be tranformed into one.
Deconstruction, let's say it one more time, is not demolition or destruction.
Deconstruction: action of deconstructing.
Democracy is a promise.
Differance is also something other than finitude.
Differance is the non-full, non-simple, structured and differentiating origin of differences.
Differance is therefore the formation of form.
Difference is articulation.
Differences, thus, are "produced" - deferred - by différance.
Différance appears almost by name in their texts, and in those places where everything is at stake.
Disarranging the construction of words in a sentence.
Discursivity takes time, it implies several sentences, it cannot be reduced to a single moment or point.
Dissemination and the supplement exceed polysemy.
Does he or does he not break with what is said about the ghost and the ideological in The German Ideology?
Does it ever have any other choice except among several conjurations?
Does it figure abstract desertification or originary condition?
Does the absolute singularity of an event of the signature ever occur?
Does the fact that most linguists do so create a theoretical right?
Doubtless.
Each concept, moreover, belongs to a systematic chain, and itself constitutes a system of predicates.
Empiricism would be the genus of which these faults would always be the species.
English translation ("The Anaximander Fragment") in Early Greek Thinking, trans.
Es spukt.
Especially if the technical and procedural significations of the word are stressed.
Ethnology-like any science-comes about within the element of discourse.
Even if one wanted to, one could not let the dead bury the dead: that has no sense, that is impossible.
Even in the experience - if there is one - of death, narcissism does not absolutely abdicate its power.
Eventually, one may recognize other such possibilities in it by inscribing or grafting it into other chains.
Everything begins before it begins.
Everything begins with the structure, the configuration, the relationship.
Everything is always more in America, for obvious reasons.
Everything is veiled in mist, everything is enveloped in clouds (umnehelt), beginning with truth.
Everything that has been said up to this point boils down to this: in language there are only differences.
Excuse me, but I never said exactly so.
Experience proves that an absurdly small number of sentences .
Facing the others, and first of all other commodities, yes, it lifts its head.
Far from effacing differences and analytic determinations, this other logic calls for other concepts.
Fetishist phantomaticity in general and its place in Capital.
First consequence: différance is not.
First of all, how to handle one's life and live well together -- which is also politics.
First, I certainly believe that the contaminations discussed in this passage are absolutely undeniable.
First, it is the absence of the addressee.
First, it's more than clear the idea of the acceleration of history is no longer today a topos.
First: I am applied Derrida.
Firstly, the higher friendship is based on virtue and it has nothing to do with politics.
For better and for worse?
For blindness as well as for productivity?
For democracy-to-come and thus for justice.
For example, "green is or" or "abracadabra.
For example, what is other than the text of Western metaphysics?
For instance, language sciences are the dominant models of science on the French scene.
For instance, tape recordings are writings in some sense.
For responsibility to be responsible you have to try to know the maximum, but it goes beyond the limit.
For the moment, it is not possible.
For the property of the sign is not to be an image.
For the same reason there is nowhere to begin to trace the sheaf or the graphics of différance.
For we are wagering here that thinking never has done with the conjuring impulse.
For we have just seen that such a requirement has no meaning.
For what first sight misses is the invisible.
Force itself is never present; it is only a play of differences and quantities.
Four demonstrative items, borrowing pattern and content from writing, follow.
Freeplay is the disruption of presence.
Freud says so overtly.
From Aristotle to Heidegger, they try to consider their own lives as something marginal or accidental.
From early on it seems as though presencing and what is present were each something for itself.
From the first chapter of its first book?
From the moment that there is meaning there are nothing but signs.
From the very opening of the game, then, we are within the becoming-unmotivated of the symbol.
From this point on, a series of cleavages will incessantly divide every atom of our lexicon.
Fundamentally, this is the most general question I would like to attempt to elaborate.
Grammar is independent of semantics and phonology.
To deconstruct verse, rendering it, by the suppression of meter, similar to prose.
He is not part of the family, but one should not send him back, once again, him too, to the border.
He refers to a god who not only hasn't come yet, but perhaps doesn't exist.
He then defines the six indispensable, if not sufficient, conditions for success.
He thus criticises the glossematic.
He would have seen in that notion one of those appeals to experience which a theory should dispense with.
Hegel subjects the Kantian definition to a dialectical interpretation, that is, to the Aufhebung.
Hence one needs thought, one needs to think more than ever.
Here I advance the following two propositions or hypotheses: 
Here I need to make two or three subpoints.
Here one must think of writing as a game within language.
Here the Husserlian correction is indispensable and transforms even the premises of the debate.
Here the theatrical quid pro quo stems from an abnormal play of mirrors.
Here, all affection is accidental.
Here, the signature is a divided one, a divided One.
Here, we are confronted with a decisive difficulty.
Here, we could reelaborate the analysis sketched out above for the addressee.
His round trip describes the very circle of the oikonomia, the law of the house, the return home.
Hjelmslev recognises that an “analysis of writing without regard to sound has not yet been undertaken”.
Hopelessness is possible only because we do hope that some good, loving someone could come.
How are they to be joined?
How can I answer such a question?
How do you recognise a ghost?
How does that necessity direct us from the interior of the linguistic system?
How does the path that leads from Saussure to Hjelmslev forbid us to avoid the originary trace?
How is it determined?
How is this absence to be qualified?
How many meanings can one give to theion?
How to conceive what is outside a text?
How to translate "poem"?
Husserl analyzes this too.
Husserl, in the Logical Investigations, had very rigorously analyzed this possibility.
I agree with you, but I wouldn't simply rely upon the word 'globalisation' in order to name this phenomenon.
I am all for knowledge [laughter], for science, for analysis, and
I am asking the question in this form in order to forestall an objection.
I am before them as I am before the law, the others are the law, because they are before me.
I am not just thinking here of the present forms of nationalism and fundamentalism.
I am not unaware how shocking this word might seem here.
I am summoned, I receive an injunction, of someone who is not there.
I am very happy there is a conference to do with deconstruction.
I can't do it right here and now, but I think this is the problem, the problem that has to be faced no doubt.
I defy anyone to show a political discourse or posture today which escapes this law of contamination.
I didn't immediately agree to it.
I didn't want to apply something already, I wanted to come as naked as possible.
I do not think, for all these reasons, that it is a good word [un bon mot].
I don't forget your question.
I don't know any other.
I don't know how far lucidity can go in this domain.
I don't know if one ought to speak simply of language, in the strict sense of the term.
I don't know what will happen to the name Derrida after this.
I don't particularly like improvising, except in very favorable conditions (not like here!
I don't think so.
I don't use it, let's say, spontaneously; I use it only in a context that requires it.
I found it in the Littré.
I have already indicated the principle of the analysis above.
I have begun to answer this question.
I have heard it's on the wane, dying, for the last 30 years.
I have just touched on the first.
I have never found a kind of rule or coherent protocol in this regard.
I have no architectural license; I am not very interested in architecture.
I have no simple and formalizable response to this question.
I have only one language.
I have thirty minutes today.
I hesitate for all the reasons given up until now, I hesitate to call it Judaic.
I learned a lot from the papers.
I leave aside the first exclusion.
I lived in the pre-independent Algeria, but not all that long before Independence.
I love this name, but I ask myself, why are you working so hard, attending conferences, writing a lot?
I never said everything is linguistic and we're enclosed in language.
I never said that there are totally living languages and that there are dead languages.
I probably even have a certain immediate aversion for the thing.
I regret this moreover.
I remember recently hearing Daniel Libeskind say, "Architecture for me does not consist in building.
I see that my time's up, so I'll stop there.
I shall continue to do so below.
I shall simply remark on a few key points.
I show this of course through a number of texts and examples.
I suggested this at the outset, and perhaps the reasons are clearer now.
I take it to be an evaluation on your part.
I tell you, it is dead.
I think on the contrary that oral language already belongs to this writing.
I think that it was at the same time both an unfair and fair objection.
I think that there is a part of death in every language.
I tried to learn it later but I didn't get very far.
I try to find a certain economy of pleasure in what is called philosophy.
I underline these words "possible" and "ought".
I use this word in a very grave sense.
I wanted to meet Julian Wolfreys, but the condition of that was to be quasi-dead.
I was more physically fragile then, and I would've collapsed from doing a fraction of what I do now.
I will be permitted to hold off on this reference.
I will make some points, as you say in the language that remains foreign to me and to which I remain foreign.
I will not describe all the modes of this extension in time and in space.
I will say "perhaps.
I will say that it is even, fundamentally, the properly philosophical interpretation of writing.
I will speak, therefore, of a letter.
I will try to answer your question - later.
I would hope that the narration were possible.
I would like to pick up on the word vigilance .
I would like to see what it is like when I am dead.
I would say that what I suffer from inconsolably always has the form, not only of loss, which is often!
I would say the same about method.
I wouldn't say it made me happier, but it gave me the strength to continue.
I'd like to repeat my life, and would accept that everything be repeated endlessly, exactly as it happened.
I'll do what I can to intervene, very modestly and minimally, in this field of concrete and urgent questions.
I'll go very slowly here.
I'll try to survive.
I'm afraid we haven't made much progress in arriving at an answer to this question.
I'm critical of the question of the animal and how it's treated in philosophy, but that's another issue.
I'm not against genealogy or simply for it, but I want to be more careful about its implications.
I'm not prepared to answer that question without a good deal more thought.
I'm not sure that's true.
I've always believed everyone has more than one age, and I carry three ages within myself.
If I am applied Derrida, how can I bear being here?
If I apply myself, in a deconstructive gesture, it is in a singular and unique performative event.
If I'm to discuss such things, I prefer to sharpen my own tools -- my writing.
If a decision is the impossible, it must occur in the form of a certain passivity.
If a man makes a new symbol, it is by thoughts involving concepts.
If capitalisation has no rigorous limit, it is also because it comes itself to be exceeded.
If he wants to speak of an “essence” of religion, i.e., of a material basis of this inessentiality, [db.
If it is from there that it drew its exemplary force?
If my family name seems to refer to this iterability, it is not mine.
If that were the case, moreover, one would still have to explain their effectiveness in this respect.
If that's what Heidegger meant, then I agree with him.
If the issue is one of the so-called "real" context, what I have just proposed is too obvious.
If the mythological is mythomorphic, are all discourses on myths equivalent?
If the political isn't thought in this radical sense, political responsibility will disappear.
If the series of successive interpretants comes to an end, the sign is thereby rendered imperfect, at least.
If there is no purely phonetic writing, it is that there is no purely phonetic phone.
If this seems an obvious thing to say, one must nevertheless say it.
If you are at war with yourself you may be allergic to the Other, that's what complicates the issue.
If you read me, you'll find there are many texts where I address these questions in my way.
If you say vigilance, it is because you suppose I have a desire to be lucid on this subject.
Il faut du point - one must have a point, the point is necessary.
In French, Outis is translated as personne, meaning no one, no particular subject.
In a certain way, market equivalence arrests or mechanises the dance that it seemed to initiate.
In a language, in the system of language, there are only differences.
In a text.
In any case, I will begin with a precaution.
In both cases, one must begin from the possibility of neutralising the phonic substance.
In effect, if we accepted the form of the question, in its meaning and its syntax ("what is?
In every exposition it would be exposed to disappearing as disappearance.
In fact my work is a deconstruction of values which found mysticism, i.e.
In fact, but also for reasons of essence to which I shall frequently return.
In fact, there is no unmotivated trace: the trace is indefinitely its own becoming-unmotivated.
In fact, this singularity is not pure, but it exists.
In fact, when one sees what these people like Eisenman or Tschumi are doing, it is something else altogether.
In its originary iterability, a use-value is in advance promised, promised to exchange and beyond exchange.
In linguistics on the other hand there is nothing that corresponds to a standard.
In other words, what is differance?
In spite of all its rejuvenations and its disguises, this opposition is congenital to philosophy.
In that its passage through form is a passage through the imprint.
In the French Revolution this is the foundation of the Declaration of the Rights of Man.
In the Jena Logic he uses the word different precisely where he treats of time and the present.
In the deconstruction of the arche, one does not make a choice.
In the delineation of différance everything is strategic and adventurous.
In the form of presence.
In the form of the proper.
In the head?
In the passage you quote I call these responsibilities "unprecedented" (inédites).
In the past one could always say that democracy was to be saved in this or that country.
In this "structuralist" moment, the concepts of chance and discontinuity are indispensable.
In this last case, what would an "ordinary" language defined by the very law of language signify?
In this sense the engineer is a myth.
In this sense, the point is very determined.
In this sense, this event will have the exterior form of a rupture and a redoubling.
In this text Koyre gives long citations, in German, of the Jena Logic, and proposes their translation.
In this way are explained the apparently insoluble 1 antinomies attached to this notion.
In work to come, it will no doubt be necessary to link it to the question of phantomatic spectrality.
In your terms, what is their 'time'?
Inaudible is the difference between two phonemes which alone permits them to be and to operate as such.
Indeed, perhaps it is already losing its name, perhaps architecture is already becoming foreign to its name.
Infinitist theologies are always logocentrisms, whether they are creationisms or not.
Innocent with the sexual connotation that this word can have.
Is it just chance that he illustrates the principle of his explanation by causing a table to turn?
Is there a rigorous and scientific concept of the context?
Is there one, on the contrary, that is more consistent?
Is there some such thing?
Is this a good way to pose the question?
Is this not our own great problematic constellation of haunting?
It always comes at a great price — and for humanity precisely.
It bears (on) each member of this sentence: "Being / speaks / always and everywhere / throughout / language.
It becomes a function in a structure of generalized reference.
It belongs to the uniqueness of Being itself (Sie gehört zur Einzigkeit des Seins selbst).
It can be deconstructed.
It can follow other trajectoris.
It can now be understood why the concept of freeplay is important in Levi-Strauss.
It cannot have a proper name.
It concerns in fact the very concept of acceleration.
It contests by the same token the professed natural dependence of the graphic signifier.
It corresponds to a condition of forces and translates an historical calculation.
It deconstructs itself.
It derives from no category of being, whether present or absent.
It does not appear in them as the trace "itself.
It does not depend on any sensible plenitude, audible or visible, phonic or graphic.
It does not describe something which exists outside and before language.
It doesn't mean that a woman couldn't have the experience of friendship with a man or with another woman.
It exists moreover independently of the deliberate will of whoever writes.
It fears them as it does itself.
It goes without saying that it cannot be exposed.
It governs nothing, reigns over nothing, and nowhere exercises any authority.
It has definitely been of service in a highly determined situation.
It has several claims to our interest here.
It has to do with Heidegger's mention in Being and Timeof the voice of the friend we have in us.
It imprudently makes of visibility the tangible, simple, and essential element of writing.
It is a friendship between two virtuous men.
It is a question of ghost and haunting, to be sure, but what else?
It is a trace, and a trace of the erasure of the trace.
It is a — critical but predeconstructive — ontology of presence as actual reality and as objectivity.
It is an artifactual body, a technical body, and it takes labour to constitute or deconstitute it.
It is as if they were becoming ghosts in their turn.
It is at least as old as the Sophists.
It is because I believe that there is a short-of and a beyond of transcendental criticism.
It is certain that the trace which "quickly vanishes in the destiny of Being (and) which unfolds .
It is certainly not elegant [beau].
It is difference.
It is even older than Plato.
It is from the primary possibility of this articulation that one must begin.
It is here that diffé rance as writing could no longer (be) an (ontological) modification of presence.
It is here that his discourse on the myth reflects on itself and criticizes itself.
It is here that we rediscover the mythopoetical virtue (power) of bricolage.
It is in advance thrown onto the market of equivalences.
It is in fact contradictory and not acceptable within the logic of identity.
It is in tension with history, first of all.
It is in the name of democracy.
It is in the name of this that we could try to question the canonical concept of friendship.
It is its sameness which, in altering its identity and singularity, divides the seal.
It is necessary, because these ghosts are bound to the categories of bourgeois economy.
It is never offered to the present.
It is no longer what every reference refers to in the last analysis.
It is not a "tabula rasa", which is why deconstruction is also distinct from doubt or from critique.
It is not a matter here of negating a use-value or the necessity of referring to it.
It is not a non-knowing installed in the form of "I don't want to know.
It is not a present being, however excellent, unique, principal, or transcendent.
It is not announced by any capital letter.
It is not application, but dissemination.
It is on the contrary what ruins philosophy or philosophical legitimacy in advance, in a certain way.
It is only a secondary thing, substance to be put to use.
It is only then that the ghost “comes on stage.” Before this, according to Marx, it was not there.
It is replaceable; it cannot constitute a signature, even less a work or an event.
It is scaring to imagine the end of the world.
It is sheltered, and therefore dissimulated, in these names.
It is something in relation to which knowledge is out of the question.
It is that conceptuality and that problematics that must be deconstructed.
It is that very thing which cannot let itself be reduced to the form of presence.
It is the example of an apparition.
It is the experience of writing and language that is involved in this crypt, in this cryptics.
It is the moment in which Marx means to demonstrate that the mystical character owes nothing to a use-value.
It is the only way to escape “empiricism” and the “naive” critiques of experience at the same time.
It is the problem of the deferred effect (Nachträglichkeit) of ,which Freud speaks.
It is the psychic equivalent of an exteriorised sound.
It is their very experience.
It is this possibility that today we have to analyze.
It is this questioned effect that I have elsewhere called logocentrism .
It is thus a reflection on the system, on the closure and opening of the system.
It is true and not so true - it is marginal in the usual taxonomies of political concepts.
It is true that this taste is above all a taste, a foretaste, and in essence it is curious.
It is very dependent and very derivative with regard to the arche-writing of which I speak.
It is well-known that Saussure distinguishes between the “sound-image” and the objective sound.
It is, in some way, a structural non-knowing, which is heterogeneous, foreign to knowledge.
It is, on the contrary, the condition of such a plenitude.
It marks the dead time within the presence of the living present, within the general form of all presence.
It matters little, here at least, that there is in fact an ideographic filiation of the alphabet.
It must also be made clear that deconstruction is not even an act or an operation.
It must also be said that the word was rarely used and was largely unknown in France.
It must be infinite, beyond theoretical certainty.
It must have the form of that of which it speaks.
It obliges us to think, from there, another space for democracy.
It puts to work a schema that Capital seems to have constantly confirmed.
It rarely advances headlong, at total risk to life add limb [ý corps perdu].
It remains forgotten.
It renders the non-sensuous sensuous.
It should disturb both the ethics and the politics that follow implicitly or explicitly from that order.
It shows that today many arts and practices are not so much integrated as inscribed.
It simply acknowledges where we are.
It survives.
It takes the place of the present.
It testifies to the disappearance of memory.
It testifies to the disappearance of the witness, if one can say that.
It thus removes the Rousseauist and Saussurian caution with regard to literary arts.
It was cold, rational, industrial, and it was given no sacrificial meaning.
It was just a form of emphasis.
It was what it was, use-value, identical to itself.
It was within concepts inherited from metaphysics that Nietzsche, Freud, and Heidegger worked, for example.
It would instead be born of that impulse.
It would not be able to command a grammatology pertinently.
It would risk appearing: disappearing.
It's a misreading of my work that began 35 years ago, and it's difficult to destroy.
It's a problem of economy, of appropriation, misappropriation, hospitality is economy.
It's as if I stopped at 35 in the cultural world where I work.
It's because of new developments of capitalism that everything is shaken.
It's more of a problem in America than it is in Europe, but we share the same concerns.
It's not just the unknown that could be known and that I give up trying to know.
It's not really a science in the traditional sense.
It's on the last page of "Dissemination", in a paragrpah of acknowledgments.
It's sheltered by and from this memory, which comes down to saying also that it forgets it.
It's that the Frenchman of France was an other.
It's unbearable.
Its hyperlucidity insists.
Its use-value, Marx seems to imply, was intact.
Kojin Katarani has mentioned the cogito.
Language in such circumstances is in special waysintelligiblyused not seriously [I am italicizing here, J.D.
Later we will look into the word in general.
Law without justice.
Let me postpone the answer to this question.
Let us consider any element of spoken language, a large or small unity.
Let us consider, for example, the 1946 text endtled Der Spruch des Anaximander ("The Anaximander Fragment").
Let us follow this tension between gesture and statement in Saussure.
Let us go on.
Let us make this question more specific.
Let us not forget that everything we have just read there was Marx's point of view on a finite delirium.
Let us now try to go beyond these formal and architectonic considerations.
Let us paraphrase a few lines as literally as possible before citing the translation.
Let us proceed slowly.
Let us start, since we are already there, from the problematic of the sign and of writing.
Let us take once more the case of agrammatical Sinnlosigkeit.
Let us take the chance, then, after so many glosses, of an ingenuous reading.
Let us try to see what happens.
Let's take one example from a thousand.
Let's take the example of the photograph since you alluded to it.
Levi-Strauss adds the note:
Levi-Strauss describes bricolage not only as ;n intellectual activity but also as a mythopoetical activity.
Like Husserl, Peirce expressly refers to it.
Like the ghost, it is neither in the head nor outside the head.
Linguistics is only a part of [that] general science .
Linguistics thus wishes to be the science of language.
Linguists have already been led to formulate hypotheses of this type.
Love is narcissistic.
Martinet seems to be of that opinion.
Marx believes he must limit this co-extensivity to commodity production.
Marx does not say sensuous and non-sensuous, or sensuous but non-sensuous.
Marx has not yet been received.
Marx knows this, but he proceeds as if he did not want to know it.
Marx warns us with the first words.
Men no longer recognise in it the social character of their own labour.
Metaphor would be forbidden.
Monsters are living beings.
Moreover, I also wrote that text, as I frequently do, in response to a demand.
Much ado about nothing?
Music and mythology bring man face to face with virtual objects whose shadow alone is actual.
My interest in architecture is not that of an expert, nor is it very cultivated.
Myths have no authors.
Nakedness: purity and pornography.
Narcissism!
Naturally it will be necessary to translate all of this into Japanese but that only postpones the problem.
Needless to say, the stakes are enormous in the relation of fetishism to the ideological and the religious.
Nevertheless it does not respond to any necessity of an absolute and universal essence.
Nevertheless, even if one yields to the necessity of what Levi-Strauss has done, one cannot ignore its risks.
Nevertheless, the center also closes off the freeplay it opens up and makes possible.
Nevertheless, the place remains important.
No context can enclose it.
No doubt there is a lot of improvisation and inconsistency.
No more is it a critique, in a general sense or in Kantian sense.
No more is resonance the act of resonating.
No!
No.
None of this is present in the Latin of French "penser".
Nonetheless, decisions don't depend exclusively on knowledge.
Not a single order.
Not even in order to haunt use-value.
Not in order to grant them the right in this sense but out of a concern for justice.
Not only as concerns this or that construction, but on the architectonic motif of the system.
Not only is there no kingdom of differance, but différance instigates the subversion of every kingdom.
Not prohibited by law, but practically impossible.
Not that I accept them totally,.
Notably poetry.
Notice I say: if there were monsters in this writing.
Now here we have to be very simplistic.
Now if we refer, once again, to semiological difference, of what does Saussure, in particular, remind us?
Now is it not remarkable that they both did so on the basis of the motif of différance?
Now that is what happens with the commerce of the commodities among themselves.
Now, Derrida Applied - that's something else.
Now, fear is not good for the serenity of research and the analytic distinction of concepts.
Now, this concept is indeed constructed with reference to a certain haunting.
Now, you mentioned idiom.
Numerous texts could be used to demonstrate this double postulation.
Obeying the dead, that's the problem.
Of a speech first of all, but what would this speech say?
Of course he has a biography, but the question I raise is whether we should publish it.
Of course this concept of brotherhood has a number of cultural and historical premises.
Of course, a limited responsibility is irresponsible.
Of course, it is also a writing, it is a certain form of writing.
Of every concept, beginning with the concepts of being and time.
Of the injunction or oath that puts Capital in motion?
Of the will next.
Of these two deserts, which one, first of all, ill have signalled toward the other?
Omne symbolum de symbolo.
On CD-ROM, heavenly trajectories of satellites, Jet, TV, Email or Internet networks.
On all levels of life's organisation, that is to say, of the economy of death.
On the contrary, it grants them their elementary condition.
On the contrary, the proper function of the zero phoneme is to be opposed to phoneme absence.
On the one hand, he will continue in effect to contest the value of the nature/culture opposition.
On the one hand, structuralism justly claims to be the critique of empiricism.
On the one hand, there is no applied deconstruction.
On the other hand, but how?
On the other hand I will pause over the value of extension to which I have just had recourse.
On the other hand, and also contrary to what certain people might think, I love to "talk" philosophy.
On the other hand, there is nothing but application.
On the other hand, these differences are themselves effects.
On two occasions he encounters the expression differente Beziehung in Hegel's text.
Once more, then, we definitely have to oppose Saussure to himself.
One always has to have a certain exteriority in order to interrogate, question, write.
One begins to repeat the traumatism that is the perception of the monster.
One can always act as if it made no difference.
One can only divide this subtle but absolutely decisive heterogeneity by a phenomenological reduction.
One can present a point of view.
One can say of the table what Marx says of the commodity.
One cannot be responsible as such without experiencing contra- dictions, contradictory duties.
One cannot say that things of this type happen here and there.
One could do the same for Heidegger himself, for Freud, or for a number of others.
One could find many clues other than E mail.
One could give many examples to demonstrate this risk: the concepts of sign, history, truth, and so forth.
One definition of articulated language might confirm that conclusion.
One final word to conclude this letter, which is alread too long.
One has to be sure that the risk is taken.
One has to confront this paradoxical logic to be able to think the unthought.
One is but the other different and deferred, one differing and deferring the other.
One is the other in differance, one is the différance of the other.
One may have one's doubts.
One may hope it will allow for a more refined and more rigorous restructuration.
One might say: 'differentiating relation.
One must never forget that the cogito is an instantaneist and punctualist theology.
One must see, at first sight, what does not let itself be seen.
One of them perhaps occupies a privileged place-ethnology.
One would have the prospect but one would not longer wait for anything or anyone.
One would no longer invite, either body or soul, no longer receive any visits, no longer even think to see.
One would still have to reckon with the invincible force and the original power of the “ghost” effect.
One writes in order to communicate something to those who are absent.
One writes with cinders on cinders.
Only infinite being can reduce the difference in presence.
Only mortals can watch over them, and can watch, period.
Only mortals, only the living who are not living gods can bury the dead.
Only these relationships between specific signifiers and signifieds would be regulated by arbitrariness.
Ontology is a conjuration.
Ontology opposes it only in a movement of exorcism.
Or any Tablet of commandments.
Or barely, hereby, in the form of the most improbable signature.
Or indeed is this risk, on the contrary, its internal and positive condition of possibility?
Or perhaps simply into writing itself.
Or rather by recalling the apparition of a turning table?
Or rather yes I do!
Or spectrality in general?
Or to anyone.
Or, better, into taking account of its consumption of writing.
Otherwise neither socius, nor conflict, nor desire, nor love, nor peace would be tenable.
Otherwise, one is only applying a surefire program.
Our hypothesis is that the same is true for Marx's spectrology.
Our own intercourse [ Unser eigner Verkehr] as commodities proves it.
Peirce complies with two apparently incompatible exigencies.
People are generous with me and my work, and I'm sure I would collapse without that generosity.
People from the South often have this feeling about Northerners; it's also tru within France.
Perhaps I am not an architect.
Perhaps I could cite some of the entries from the Littré.
Perhaps this has already begun today.
Perhaps, but I still do.
Perhaps.
Philia is love and sophia is wisdom, so the duty to be wise is what philosophy is.
Philosophy is the love of wisdom.
Philosophy poses the question: What should we do to have the best possible lives?
Physis in differance.
Pre-deconstructive here does not mean false, unnecessary, or illusory.
Presencing itself unnoticeably becomes something present .
Present existence or essence has never been the condition, object, or the thing [chose] of justice.
Provided that this people does not become physically or morally extinct, this totality is never closed.
Qua center, it is the point at which the substitution of contents, elements, or terms is no longer possible.
Quantity itself, therefore, is not separable from the difference of quantity.
Question it.
Recall the passage in the Odyssey when he encounters the Cyclops Polyphemos.
Reciprocally, the mythopoetical character of bricolage has often been noted.
Representation regularly supplements presence .
Repression is not forgetting.
Repression keeps the memory.
Ritual is not an eventuality, but, as iterability, is a structural characteristic of every mark.
Se deconstruire [to deconstruct itself] ... to lose its construction.
Second, contamination follows from this iterability which is constitutive of the unprecedented.
Secondly, the friendship grounded on utility and usefulness, and this is political friendship.
Semiotics no longer depends on logic.
Should a philosopher have a biography?
Should he himself narrate his own biography?
Should he let his own life be public and be interpreted?
Simply, it has no “natural attachment” to the signified within reality.
Singularity does not mean an identity with oneself.
So I began by wishing to read this sentence, which is, in its brevity, very overcharged.
So I ruled that out.
So far, well and good" (pp.
So it appears.
So it is only out of symbols that a new symbol can grow.
So it seemed to me consistent not to give in to all of this without any defenses.
So pleasure, yes, but, you know, pleasure is a very complicated thing.
So there is no opposition between them.
So what are they?
So you see that we have a concept of friendship which is and is not political.
So, French is my only language.
So, I was raised in a monolingual milieu - absolutely monolingual.
So, I would not engage myself in saying that there is a hierarchy of more or less living languages today.
So, I'll try to adjust a minimal and straightforward response to Geoff's questions.
So, it makes no sense to "fetishise" the concept of acceleration: there isn't a single acceleration.
So, it's a very difficult question.
So, one must take risks.
So, what are they?
So, you have to deal here with what I would call a phallocentric or phallogocentric concept of friendship.
Spacing as writing is the becoming-absent and the becoming-unconscious of the subject.
Still legible; and to be read.
Still, we think we're not animals and that we have the ability to organize our lives.
Successively, and in a regulated fashion, the center receives different forms or names.
Such a development is not in question here, and this will be confirmed progressively.
Such events, it appears, have occurred.
Such is the algebraic formality of the problem as I see it.
Such is the most evident significance of the appeal to difference as the reduction of phonic substance.
Such is the place of a problematic of the trace.
Such is the question: the alliance of speech and Being in the unique word, in the finally proper name.
Such would be the originary trace.
Thank you for your suggestion, but I'm not totally blind to these questions.
Thank you.
That independence is the very principle of glossematics as the formal science of language.
That interests me.
That is a consequence Saussure himself draws against the premises defining the internal system of language.
That is moreover why one writes.
That is not so at all in the case of experience as arche-writing.
That is what makes them dance.
That is what we have to invent - a new language for instance.
That is what we would be calling here a hauntology.
That is why I hesitate to call it Judaic.
That is why one must think otherwise the “time” or the date of an event.
That is why, if this movement begins its era in the form of Platonism, it ends in infinitist metaphysics.
That is, something which is not.
That of course looks like a utopian or very distant perspective.
That pathway must leave a track in the text.
That to them, in any case, one can at least lend speech.
That which is more or less than a text's own, proper margin?
That would be a first moment.
That's a very difficult question.
That's an injunction, an immediate injunction, no delay.
That's not the right word!
That's stupid and utterly wrong, and only people who haven't read me say this.
That's the only thing I've said; but why didn't I use the name 'globalisation'?
That's what I can do to honour the name.
That's what I said at the beginning about the unconditionality.
That's what experience is.
That's why I came.
That's why oil is a problem.
The (pure) trace is difference.
The Aufhebung - la releve - is constrained into wridng itself otherwise.
The French language was not the language of its ancestors.
The German idiom seems to name the ghostly return but it names it in a verbal form.
The Thing is neither dead nor alive, it is dead and alive at the same time.
The a of differance, thus, is not heard; it remains silent, secret and discreet as a tomb: oikesis.
The a of différance marks the movement of this unfolding.
The absence of the referent is a possibility rather easily admitted today.
The absence of the signified.
The architectonic is the art of the system.
The archive is hypomnetic.
The archive: if we want to know what this will have meant, we will only know tomorrow.
The authority of judgment or of the critical evaluation is not the final authority for deconstruction.
The automaton mimes the living.
The autonomy lent to commodities corresponds to an anthropomorphic projection.
The cause of the knowledge and the search, the motive of history or of the episteme?
The center is not the center.
The cinder is not!
The cinder is not: This means that it testifies without testifying.
The coming of the monster submits to the same law as the one we were talking about concerning the date.
The commodity table, the headstrong dog, the wooden head faces up, we recall, to all other commodities.
The commodity thus haunts the thing, its spectre is at work in use-value.
The concept of arche-trace must comply with both that necessity and that erasure.
The concept of the archive shelters in itself, of course, this memory of the name Arkhé.
The concept of writing should define the field of a science.
The dead time is at work.
The desire to restrict play is, moreover, irresistible.
The difference between inhabit and haunt becomes here more ungraspable than ever.
The difference between the full unities of the voice remains unheard.
The difference of quantity is the essence of force, the relation of force to force.
The difference of which Saussure speaks is itself, therefore, neither a concept nor a word among others.
The dishnction collapses.
The drive to kill will never be erased, because it's part of the human animal.
The effacement is not only the contrary of inscription.
The effects of signature are the most ordinary thing in the world.
The effort will be laborious and we know a priori that its effectiveness will never be pure and absolute.
The enigma of responsibility lies in this aporia: that you are applied to.
The eternal return.
The ether of religion will always have been hospitable to a certain spectral virtuality.
The fault, in any case, by definition, is repeated, we inherit it, we must watch over it.
The film has a consistent through line in that it continually questions the biography of authors.
The first is called by Duns Scotus grammatica speculative.
The first point: At this conference, the point is the subject.
The flaw,, the error of first sight is to see, and not to notice the invisible.
The form of the question to which he responded thus entailed the response.
The general morphology of that meaning (Bedeutung, vouloir-dire) is independent of all logic of truth.
The genesis and system of scripts bad never led to such profound, extended, and assured explorations.
The ghostly schema now appears indispensable.
The gift of its finitude?
The graphic image is not seen; and the acoustic image is not heard.
The hinge, the brisure [folding-joint] of a shutter.
The history of metaphysics, like the history of the West, is the history of these metaphors and metonymies.
The history of writing should turn back toward the origin of historicity.
The honor of carrying and reading the Torah was auctioned off in the synagogue, and I found that terrible.
The human animal has a capacity for cruelty, and to make the Other suffer can be a source of pleasure.
The idea of the “psychic imprint” therefore relates essentially to the idea of articulation.
The inaudible opens up the apprehension of two present phonemes such as they present themselves.
The incest-prohibition is universal; in this sense one could call it natural.
The instituted trace is “unmotivated” but not capricious.
The intervention of writing is decisive here, as Husserl himself notes in The Origin of Geometry.
The iteration which structures it a priori introduces an essential dehiscence and demarcation.
The justification can therefore never be absolute and definitive.
The latter orders all objectivity of the object and all relation of knowledge.
The least statement on this subject seems to me to be a mutilation in advance.
The linguistic signifier .
The market is a front, a front among fronts, a confrontation.
The mistake here would be to sacrifice one for the other.
The monster is also that which appears for the first time and, consequently, is not yet recognized.
The most natural means was therefore to draw the pictures of things.
The name is specious and the use of the myth improper.
The new cannot be invented without memory or repetition.
The oblivion of Being is oblivion of the distinction between Being and beings" (p. 50).
The one is the difference.
The opposition is part of the system, along with the reduction.
The paradox is that the metaphysical reduction of the sign needed the opposition it was reducing.
The parallelism and correspondence of the faces or the planes change nothing.
The phantasmagoria, like capital, would begin with exchange-value and the commodity-form.
The place of this theoretical moment in Marx's corpus.
The point is not to remove oneself from this process but to give it the possibility of being thought.
The political friendship is one kind of friendship.
The political issues which you evoke bear the stamp of this form of acceleration.
The positive and the classical sciences of writing are obliged to repress this sort of question.
The problem at least be stated.
The problematic of writing is opened by putting into question the value arkhe.
The psychic image of which Saussure speaks must not be an internal reality copying an external one.
The putting into question of the authority of consciousness is first and always differential.
The question of the origin of writing and the question of the origin of language are difficult to separate.
The question would be therefore what deconstruction is not, or rather ought not to be.
The reception of the work gives me this energy.
The relation is probably neither one of break nor of homogeneity.
The relative peace of the world could be severely endangered.
The religious is thus not just one ideological phenomenon or phantomatic production among others.
The represented is always already a representamen.
The risk I am speaking of is always assumed by Levi-Strauss and it is the very price of his endeavor.
The same can be said, a fortiori, of différance.
The scheme of language is in the last analysis a game and nothing more.
The science of semiotic has three branches.
The science of writing should therefore look for its object at the roots of scientificity,.
The second age I carry is my real age of 72, and every day I'm confronted with signs that remind me of it.
The second gesture of exclusion concerns us more directly here.
The second is logic proper.
The second is of a quite different order and belongs to the structure of decision.
The second reason was that I've always had a difficult relationship with my own body and image.
The self-identity of the signified conceals itself unceasingly and is always on the move.
The sign represents the present in its absence.
The sign, in this sense, is deferred presence.
The stakes certainly can remain implicit, insufficiently thematized, poorly articulated.
The surrogate does not substitute itself for anything which has somehow pre-existed it.
The teratology is our normality.
The theme of responsibility is a very enigmatic one which we cannot unfold here.
The themes duplicate themselves to infinity.
The thing is at once set aside and beside itself.
The thing itself is a sign.
The totality of the myths of a people is of the order of the discourse.
The trace beyond that which profoundly links fundamental ontology and phenomenology.
The trace is in fact the absolute origin of sense in general.
The trace is the difference which opens appearance [I'apparaître] and signification.
The trace must be thought before the entity.
The unfolding of différance is perhaps not solely the truth of Being, or of the epochality of Being.
The unity of sound and of sense is indeed here, as I proposed above, the reassuring closing of plan,.
The unprecedented is, of course, very dangerous.
The very trace of difference has been submerged.
The word'usage' is dictated to thinking in the experience (Erfahrung) of Being's oblivion.
The “theological” is a determined moment in the total movement of the trace.
Their analysis would be interesting and warrants a study of its own.
Their elements are presented in succession; they form a chain.
Their “will” begins to “Inhabit” (bausen) commodities.
Then the figure of the brother, of fraternity, is also at the centre of this canonical model.
There are passages that could be read as a kind of philosophy of cinders.
There are thus two interpretations of interpretation, of structure, of sign, of freeplay.
There are two orders of order here: sequential and jussive.
There is a work - metaphysical or not - on conceptual systems.
There is always more than one and more or less than two.
There is an exteriority!
There is no breach without difference and no difference without trace.
There is no maintaining, and no depth to, this bottomless chessboard on which Being is put into play.
There is no metaphysical concept in and of itself.
There is no purely and rigorously phonetic writing.
There is no sense in doing without the concepts of metaphysics in order to attack metaphysics.
There is no simple answer to such a question.
There is no unity or absolute source of the myth.
There is nothing kerygmatic about this "word," provided that one perceives its decapita(liza)tion.
There is too much, more than one can say.
There will be no unique name, even if it were the name of Being.
There would be no experience otherwise, without risk.
There's no archive without outside.
There's no way out.
Thereby the text of metaphysics is comprehended.
Therefore I admit the necessity of going through the concept of the arche-trace.
Therefore, its necessity contradicts the allegation of a naturally phonic essence of language.
These chains and systems cannot be outlined except in the fabric of this trace or imprint.
These ghosts that are commodities transform human producers into ghosts.
These mental signs are of mixed nature; the symbol parts of them are called concepts.
These models themselves ought to be submitted to a deconstructive questioning.
These oppositions have meaning only after the possibility of the trace.
These questions and these hypotheses do not exclude each other.
These questions are not destabilising as the effect of some theoretico-speculative subversion.
These texts are well known.
These two definitions are of the traditional type.
These values, like that of analysis, are themselves philosophemes subject to deconstruction.
They are credulous, in a certain way.
They are modest symptoms of it, quite as much as tentative interpretations.
They are not even, in the final analysis, questions but seismic events.
They aren't heterogeneous, and you can know lots of things and have no wisdom at all.
They belong to the onto-theology they fight against.
They would require more attentive and minute analyses.
Things could not have set about signifying progressively.
This "international" law waits for and calls for decisive improvements.
This affirmation then determines the non-center otherwise than as loss of the center.
This applies in a similar manner to any and every utterancea sea-change in special circumstances.
This association appeared very fortunate, and fortunately adapted to what I wanted at least to suggest.
This brings out the second thread which might guide us in what is being unraveled here.
This category of communication is relatively original.
This circle is unique.
This commerce among things stems from the phantasmagoria.
This critique may be undertaken along two tracks, in two "manners.
This determination means that one must both think, and think democracy, globally.
This determination of the point has two serious implications.
This does not mean that one must simply abandon the political terrain and democracy.
This doesn't exculpate or exonerate me at all.
This double bind must be sealed in the signature.
This double socius binds on the one hand men to each other.
This explanation will overthrow even the form of the question to which it was a premature reply.
This feature becomes readily apparent when they are represented in writing....
This for me is the very experience of death, of catastrophe.
This force of breaking is not an accidental predicate, but the very structure of the written.
This formulation is not theological, as one might believe somewhat hastily.
This haunting is not an empirical hypothesis.
This implies an entire logic of paleonymy which I do not wish to elaborate here.
This implies that there is no code- an organon of iterability that is structurally secret.
This implies, then, that a point can be one but on the condition of not being a self (selfsame).
This important question is much debated by historians of writing.
This in fact happens in certain kinds of writing.
This interest in literature is effectively manifested in the Copenhagen School.
This is a classical problem, objections to which are I now well worn or used up.
This is a first action.
This is a form of what I'd describe as messianicity without messianism, and we are by nature messianic.
This is a huge problem, but in a way, yes.
This is a totally spectral structure.
This is an intriguing question.
This is banally self-evident, and agreement on the matter seems easy.
This is difficult and I am not going to do it here.
This is how, traditionally at least, "written communication" is distinguished from "spoken communication.
This is more or less our whole question — and our circumspection.
This is no doubt not aleatory.
This is no doubt the result of the fact that there are two ways of conceiving the limit of totalization.
This is no small problem.
This is not limited to a linguistico-grammatical model, let alone a mechanical model.
This is not simply a bad thing, even if the use-value is always at risk of losing its soul in the commodity.
This is often noticeable in the work of the Copenhagen School.
This is the enigmatic originality of every paraph.
This is the movement of culture.
This is true and false.
This is very interesting.
This is why it would not be wrong to consider it a myth: the myth of mythology, as it were.
This is why there is a relative specificity, as Austin says, a "relative purity" of performatives.
This latter must have maintained the mark of what it has lost, reserved, put aside.
This madness here?
This messianic hesitation does not paralyse any decision, any affirmation, any responsibility.
This phenomenological good sense may perhaps be valid for use-value.
This possibility is not only an empirical eventuality.
This question could be developed endlessly.
This reference to the game or free-play is always caught up in a tension.
This rethinking, as you rightly suggested earlier, must not be postponed, it is immediate and urgent.
This rhetorical artifice is abyssal.
This scandal is the incest-prohibition.
This secret has to do with a “quid pro quo.” The term is Marx's.
This spacing is not the simple negativity of a lack, but the emergence of the mark.
This text prompts us to examine the essence of the present, the presence of the present.
This theme could not have a place in Hjelmslev's system.
This too is meant by "deconstructs".
This translation, like so many others, manages to efface the literal reference to the ghost (Spuk).
This unnameable is not an ineffable Being which no name could approach: God, for example.
This vigilance is probably not the whole story.
This was already the case after the First World War.
This word is brisure [joint, break] “ — broken, cracked part.
This, then, is the worst and, at the same time, it is a benediction.
Those ghosts there?
Thus form in language has a manifestly granular structure and is subject to a quantal description.
Thus is this book, on myths itself and in its own way, a myth.
Thus it is at this point that ethnographic bricolage deliberately assumes its mythopoetic function.
Thus it is that the language of the human sciences criticizes itself.
Thus, the name "origin" no longer suits it.
To assimilate him so as to stop frightening oneself (making oneself fear) with him.
To avoid “going beyond,” one risks returning to a point that falls short.
To be dead without being dead: unburyable.
To believe in it as do the credulous or the dogmatic.
To conclude this very dry discourse: 
To deconstruct a machine to transport it elsewhere.
To disassemble the parts of a whole.
To discuss this, we must insist on that definition of god -- as the word is conventionally understood.
To him?
To invent, to invent a langue, to invent modes of anamnesis .
To it, as Marcellus says once again and so prudently?
To neutralise him through naturalisation.
To relate to an object as such is to pretend that you are dead.
To say that deconstruction is negative is simply to reinscribe it in an intrametaphysical process.
To say this is not a piece of speculative hubris.
To see coming.
To speak, to adopt or borrow speech, and to be exchange-value is here the same thing.
To swear or to conjure, is that not the chance of thinking and its destiny, no less than its limit?
To this one in ourselves, to this image that might exclude this other one or be allergic to this other one.
To whom?
Today this model of brotherhood, man, friendship is being deconstructed in the world.
Totalization is therefore defined at one time as useless, at another time as impossible.
Traditionally, the point is very determined, marking the one, the unity, the identity, the singularity.
Trans-philosophical concepts would be transformed into philosophical naivetes.
Trying to disguise himself, to hide himself, Ulysses calls himself Outis - nobody, no man, personne.
Two times at the same time, originary iterability, irreducible virtuality of this space and this time.
Up to a certain point, such repression is even necessary to the progress of positive investigation.
Usage conjoins the dis (Der Brauch fugt das Un-)" (p. 54).
We all look forward to its success and we'll try to do our best to participate in it.
We are presented with the problem of determining what "building" will mean in these new works.
We cannot get involved here in this general question of fetishisation.
We cannot not be, because we exist in a state of expecting something to happen.
We could simply dream of a democracy which would be cosmopolitical, a cosmopolitan form.
We do not have much time, so I will limit myself to some points.
We do not have to go into all the problems posed by these definitions here.
We have seen this in the terrible and as yet unfinished experience which is called the Persian Gulf War.
We have to do both, to speak and to act.
We know that.
We may term it pure grammar.
We must begin with the possibility of that total system.
We must distinguish here among one, self, same, unique, singular, individual, and so on.
We must not hasten to decide.
We must now form and meditate upon the law of this resemblance.
We need the unprecedented; otherwise there will be nothing, pure repetition...
We ought to consider very carefully all its implications.
We relate to each other [Wir beziehn uns] merely as exchange-values” (pp.
We signal.
We take or give signs.
We think only in signs.
We will come to this in a moment.
We will interrupt its course and follow one of its other relays.
We will not commence with the commencement, if I have your consent, nor even with the archive.
Well that's wrong!
What I call the erasure of concepts ought to mark the places of that future meditation.
What I have just told you about photography is valid for other manifestations.
What I say about the nation-state is what is happening today in the world.
What I'm saying is very modest: without risk, there is nothing.
What about democracy?
What about hospitality?
What about parasitism?
What am I to do in order to speak of the a of différance?
What broaches the movement of signification is what makes its interruption impossible.
What deconstruction is not?
What differs?
What do strange and foreign mean?
What do these limits and presuppositions signify?
What does "consciousness" mean?
What does Levi-Strauss say of his "mythologicals"?
What does belong to us as objects, however, is our value.
What does brotherhood mean?
What does this possibility mean?
What does this term mean?
What happens in this case, what is transmitted or communicated are not phenomena of meaning or signification.
What have been, what are and what will be the limits of the problematic of the nation-state?
What holds for the addressee holds also, for the same reasons, for the sender or the producer.
What is a success when the possibility of failure continues to constitute its structure?
What is deconstruction?
What is différance?
What is ideology?
What is it to think the present in its presence?.
What is the head before this apprehension that it cannot even contain?
What is the present, which is to say: What is history?
What is the present?
What is the relevance of this formal schema when we turn to what are called the "human sciences"?
What led us to the choice of this word?
What of holiness or of sacredness?
What of the divinity of God?
What properly remains to be thought in the word 'usage' has presumably left a trace (Spur) in to khreon.
What secures this distinction for us?
What was essential was their teaching and their thinking.
What would a mark be that one could not cite?
What would this persona, actor, or character say?
What, from the point of view of architecture, are a stranger and a foreigner?
Whatever value we grant this argument, we cannot be satisfied with it.
When I keep a text for memory, what remains there is not cinders apparently.
When I say "my future disappearance," I do so to make this proposition more immediately acceptable.
When I was 20 I felt old and wise, but now I feel like a child.
When it has this age it can be called the play of the trace.
When the curtain rises on the raising of a curtain?
When the other announces itself as such, it presents itself in the dissimulation of itself.
When two people who don't speak the same language meet, what should they do?
When you are expelled from school without understanding why, it marks you.
When you come to a conference on APPLIED YOU, it is as if you're dead.
Where and how does this decentering, this notion of the structurality of structure, occur?
Whereas chacun - everyone, each one - would more easily welcome the right of every singularity.
Whereby, once again,it is not theological.
Which (is) (simultaneously) spacing (and) temporization.
Which amounts to saying once again that there is no absolute origin of sense in general.
Which does not belong.
Which is as much as to say that, for this very reason, it is destined to survive them.
Which is to say the ontology of beings and beingness.
Which it was, in a certain manner.
Which itself is only an effect of writing.
Which means that the Other is already inside, and has to be sheltered and welcomed in a certain way.
Who differs?
Why Politics?
Why are we afraid of death?
Why friendship?
Why of the trace?
Will my argument be equally applicable a fortiori to the most accentuated forms of phonologism?
Will that which is going to loom up be a mere example?
With all of them, the same ceremony: a sÈance of the table.
With regard to this becoming, the opposition of diachronic and synchronic is also derived.
With this question we reach another level and another resource of our problematic.
Without being reducible one to the other, they share a common condition.
Without referring back to a “nature,” the immotivation of the trace has always become.
Without this possibility, which is also the general.
Would a conjuration ceremony have scanned the unfolding of an immense critical discourse?
Would that presupposition not binder the constitution of a general science of writing?
Would there be then some exorcism at the opening of Capital?
Writing is not a sign of a sign, except if one says it of all signs, which would be more profoundly true.
Yes and no.
Yes, but I also do not believe in pure idioms.
Yes, it's a very common experience.
Yes, it's wrong.
Yes, of course, every day.
You can only apply deconstruction.
You have to perform in your language and situation.
You know that Tschumi is responsible for the park overall with his project of the "Folies.
Your question aksed about the pleasure of writing: Yes, if one uses this word "writing" very carefully.
The "it" [ça] is not here an impersonal thing that is opposed to some egological subjectivity.