Aww that nigga ain't shit, that's why yo' daddy ain't here
Get a man that got a good job gurl!
"She Swallowed It!" Yeah the bitch took the whole eight
'Cause I relax and back do a job and jet.
'Cause Mo' live with Charlie Sheen.
'Cause game is money and money is game,
'Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed O.G.
'Cause them punk motherfuckers in black and white
'Dre Day' every day. Trips to Montigo Bay,
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
'cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
(A neighbourhood find, a gift too swift, Miscellane is the crew)
(Airtouched) Next time you need a taste
(And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye
(Beeyatch!!) So recognize game from the gangsta
(But it ain't gonna work) so let it drop
(Cause you know we 'bout had to rip shit up)
(Dem come witta, dem come witta, dem come wit da wickedness)
(Hitt: NAH GET THE FUCK OUT!)
(Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)
(L-A-W, this might trouble you) This is Sharief, y'knowI'msayin?
(Rollin in my six-fo') With everybody sayin
(Rollin in my six-fo') with all the bitches sayin
(Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl)
(These tracks are laced with bomb weed and tight lyrics)
(We want Eazy, we want Eazy)
(Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty
(inaudible) Maybe I’m just crazy (Crazy)
(yeah) Now that's realer than real-deal Holyfield
-- just cause you love the nigga?
.. a black man is a pimp
.. are walkin through the motherfuckin neighborhood
1 - Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals
2 - Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos
27 years old, off on parole, stroll
44 reasons come to mind
44, .38 or AK 47.
A hundred dime pieces and the party got the heaters
A million-dollar smile, people wonder how.
A nigga to break some off properly.
A partner of organised crime
A real motherfuckin G, R-rock Tee
A tar can of hos to lubricate my system quick
AK-47 heavy metal
Ackrite bitch
Adapts to anything violent that I'm located at.
Adios serials worldwide
Advil, Tylenol, Peptol, slept so long realised my world is wrong
After that you'll get nothing from me but laughter
Ah, that's that G shit, no doubt about that
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
Ain't nathin but a buster
Ain't no fuckin' competition
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
Ain't no tellin what the side effects could be
Ain't no thing I know you would
Ain't nothin' but a G thang, baaaaabay!
Ain't the only motherfuckers I got to fight.
Ain't this a bitch, pined-out Pete let's keep, oh my goodness
Ain't tryin' to stock around for the Illuminati,
Aiyo Crystal, what you got to say?
All I see is Slim, fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
All I wanna say is "I don't really give a fuck"
All right baby, all right speedy, I'm coming, damn
All right, all right, I'm comin' damn shit
All sorts of blushins brew
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
All them little gangstas
All them nights I never had bitches
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish
All you niggas that said that I turned pop
Always tryin to play Rambo with they ammo
An earthquake of bass lines swangin the party, I'm slangin the mic
And I ain't leaving, I like breathing.
And I always will (I bet you will)
And I come thru ya hood like a locc ass G
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E [Repeat 2x]
And I'm a continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And I'm a nigga you can't remove.
And I'm cooler than foes that don't know how it goes
And I'm still, servin for mines, peace
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
And I’m a weedhead (Weedhead)
And I’ma treat every day like the weekend
And a group that said muthafuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And although me
And baby, I'm lookin' good, all right, I'm lookin' good
And before me dig out a bitch I have ta' find a contraceptive
And beg me please
And broke brothers make the 45 flame with no shame.
And cash, always in my grasp
And choose a new spot if niggas wanted you shot,
And creepin through the smog
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
And everywhere that I go, I got people I know,
And for a youth to survive a nigga gotta be a gangster.
And for satisfaction chew an MC like Wrigley
And gave Eazy-E AIDS.
And get your niggas off my back
And got sounds for the bitches, clockin' all the riches
And have to face responsibility
And if motherfuckers come at me wrong
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
And if you die you's a buster 'cause real niggas don't die.
And if your bitches talk shit, I have ta' put the smack down
And it don't stop
And it's drivin the cops crazy
And jacked and fucked up.
And kept ya big fuckin mouth shut
And kick raps that make snaps.
And lay a punk motherfucker flat.
And learnin' her man, and at the same time burnin' her man
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
And now I'm servin a lifetime sentence
And now all you hookas and ho's know how I feel
And now your waiting for your high, liquid smoke
And now, the car bomb
And pass the bud, and stay low-key
And people like us from the streets that MAKE things happen!
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
And show him why they call me the notorious one.
And tell your friends where the dick's at
And that lil' shit cha hear in the background, that's my homegirl Rage
And the Pentagon got the world calling
And the crackers' ass, little cracker jack beat
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
And the inventor, and the tormentor
And the two dog groan, all the fuckin chips blown
And the two dog groan, sittin on chrome
And then when the nigga ain't around, what do you tell the child?
And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga
And this one's a burner, baby
And this the motherfucking thanks I get?
And three times ya tightest track, three times your fattest sack
And totally surpass the norm
And turn me back to the old me
And two and to the one
And watch your back cause you might get smoked, loc
And we was ballin' on the motherfucking Compton streets
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
And when your album sales wasn't doin too good
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
And who I'm still cool wit
And yo steppin through the fog
And you can lift it, on, and a fist a bomb
And you can't see, the D-R to the E
And you say yeah fuck the police
And you'll never blow by yourself man.
Andre 3001, another classic
Animosity, made ya speak but ya spoke
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Any mackadocious, I grew up with no chips
Are the ones I get wit 'cause I'm down respect trip
Are you gone bust or play bones?
Are you wit me East Coast?
Are you wit me West Coast?
Are you wit me?
Around the full good-to-go girls
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah
As I inhale the blunt and take a sip off the yac
As a pull up in the park you pops the trunk
As he wonder what popped before he got popped,
As long as I got a baretta, nigga, I'm down for whateva
As we move there, where? The final frontier
Assholes around like a frisby
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
Aww they say uhh..
Ay yo Dre, whattup, check this nigga off loc
B.G. cause you lost all your homey's love
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Baby we can talk it over, baby we can
Baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Back when Cube - was rollin wit Lorenzo in a Benzo
Back with some shit that gots to bump
Bad as ?shrimp stampy? with the food stamps
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars
Be independent nigga - BEOTCH!
Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Becoming old gees in the game and changing,
Bed frame there's another dead pain
Been doin this since days of N.W.A.
Been down for ten years, this my fifth Lp
Been in the game since...what? That shit is past tense
Before I chrome the lot, can't keep it home a lot
Before you kiss 'em use Colgate
Best believe that these are our last years
Best friends and money: I lost them both.
Bests run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker
Betta be strapped wit yo clip, cuz ain't no fist fight
Better turn they car around
Biggest hoes, on planet Earth..
Bitch ass niggas keep it real, don't lie
Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short
Bitch quit talkin', Crip walk if if you down with the set
Bitches flirtin with the giggles and chuckles
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Bitches who never duck me, "Nowl loved me"
Bitches who own, my niggas whose heart is cold
Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
Blowin up Cisco and in my Cammo
Blunt time-pull out your philly
Blunts to the head, kush pillows no mattress
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Bumpin gangsta rap shit, down to blast for cash
Bustin raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood
But +I'm+ the pimp motherfucker!
But I ain't speakin' about between the thighs.
But I ain't trippin I'm just kickin it
But I been low key
But I damn near got caught, 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
But I love the way you make me do for love
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
But I'd love to try (I bet you will)
But I'm low in the cut and gotta microphone
But I'm never off, always on, 'til the break dawn
But ain't no steady tripppin
But ain't nuttin but a black thing bay-bee, uhhh
But all you savage cats
But can't phone long distance
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
But here I stand again, right before your eyes
But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
But in this era of mayhem
But it ain't no thing to me
But lets take a travel down the blindside
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see.
But now that I got this little company
But now we got a new era of gangstas,
But once again in the end they D-E-A-D.
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad
But she was hangin' with a white bitch doin' the shit she do
But some still don't hear me though.
But that's the life of a G, I guess
But witta hip-hop flavour
But ya'll think I'm gonna let my dough freeze
But you ain't sayin a motherfuckin thing
But you can't get my last bud
But you didn't have what I wanted
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
But you was wrong, didn't know about the big long
But you won't get a crumb from me
But, uh, back to the lecture at hand
By droppin' shit like this
By morning three, cause they're weak
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach
C-P-T, CAL my locality
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin' back up
COMPTON is the city I'm from
Cain't never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
California, back in and on a mission, makin a point
Came home uptight, ready to mash
Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin hoes
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us.
Can't hold me back, I'm too strong, I waited too long
Can't scrap a lick, so I know ya got your gat
Cannabis Sativa, ha ha, or in the heart of L.A. known as the Chronic
Cause I bet you couldn't cause your mind is slow (Hey)
Cause I stay well off
Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo')
Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages,
Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G.
Cause it's Death Row, rollin like the mafia
Cause only the weak, will try to speak
Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, MOTHERFUCKER
Cell block four peace Doggy Dogg's done
Check it out Dogg; this game is a motherfuckin trip man
Check this out
Checkin my rearview, cause niggaz they will do
Chicken-head, chicken-fed, with a dick in your mouth
Claimin that they non-violent, talkin like they *voice sample*
Clip for clip, shit, fo'-pound for pound.
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (what hoods?)
Clutch your tails for honeys waitin to exhale
Cock-diezel cuts
Come back on the scene and smoke a phillie, G
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
Come on yeah
Come. Let a motherfucker know
Comin' real, it's the next episode...
Composed like the Phantom
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
Controllin craps like I had a remote
Copped the Play Station but still play the Sega
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs.
Cos he's actin real loonie
Cos she got a vice grip on the flow from my lips
Cos she was gettin fucked somewhere, you're stuck in there
Cos worldwide shit's outta control
Creepin' down the back street on Deez
Cross that line, fuck around and get yo ass kicked
Crown Heights, to all my niggas holdin it down
Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite
Cuz I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop
Cuz they will see that I can't be stopped
Cuz you know it's a lot of niggas out there
Cuz you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit you
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
D-R-E! A motherfucker who's known for carryin' gats
Damn girl, it is hotter than a motherfucker up in here
Damn, I'll have an apple martini
Damn, what the fuckin' up with this shit?
Damn, what's up, what they look like tho?
Dancin,puffin,sippin or set trippin
Dear God, I wonder can you save me
Death Row is the label that paaaaays me!
Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Dedicated to the up city
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest 
Deranged, like the hillside strangler
Didn't know we had a 22
Didn't nobody wanna speak; now everybody
Dimes keep on flippin flippin
Disconnected from the streets forever
Do you know who, do you know what, do you know who?
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound
Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it
Don't even respect your ass
Don't know that I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with.
Don't make shoot night on your fat ass,
Don't need you all in mine
Dope, ya can't cope with the real
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Dr Dre? The man wasn't done shit since NWA
Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Dre and M-E-L got the whole Earth quakin
Dre and Snoop chronicled out in the 'llac
Dre is chillin, Ruff is chillin
Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga
Dre's bad beats they Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat
Dre, all day cash his cheques
Droppin' the funky shit that's makin the sucka niggaz mumble
Eat me, freak me, take your hand and leave me
Eazy-E's Ice Cube's and D.O.C's and Snoop D O double G's
Eazy-Es Ice Cubes and D.O.Cs and Snoop D O double Gs
Ese's way deep, shanked two in they chest
Even though, it does cost six million dollars
Everybody always tryin to run up on me
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
Everyday it's the same thang, L.A. ain't changed
Everyone knows that your beats are helped man,
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
Everywhere that I go ain't the same as before,
Explicit, hella photogenic
Fact:El-elevant,elegant and eloquent no shit
Facts and stacks of clips on my matress
Far from the bail, still makin my sales
Feel the shotgun, Korrupt inmate cell block one
Feelin mad, gotta get mine respected
Flossed jewels in a tire, ain't nuthin' fly.
Flossin the fliest rides from hits you memorise
Fool now break for ya two
For my niggas, I got my niggas in the motherfuckin he-ouse
For the niggas that slept, they shoulda stayed in step
For trying to jack them little homies for they bread
For twenty-six years trained in ghetto warfare
Forgave the less of em, and blazed at the rest of em
Fourteen shells from behind
Freestyle a whole rap tape then write a new song
Freeze MCs,don't ent-or
From a young G's perspective
From the door I use MC's to wipe my feet on
From the lunatic, I death like arsenic
From the ol schizzy it's the yes yizzy y'all
From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all
Fuck Dr Dre, I'm the Aftermath.
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just bein real wit you
Fuck tryin to job hunt
Fuck you, nigga, take me
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
Fuckin me, now I'm fuckin you, little hoe
Fuckin' backstabbers, when the chips were down you just laughed at us
Full, stacked to the max now.
Fun to get blunted on a Sunday, afternoon
G should, I'm stackin and mackin and packin a ten so
G's up, ain't nuttin changed, yo freeze up!
Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
Get down on your knees
Get lit or hit up by the doctor.
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Get the cash, the grass, the ass will bounce.
Getting a rep as a young hog
Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble
Go ahead, ask him bitches, 'bout how I be smokin' out
Goddamn, 'cause it's the city.
Got MC's talkin 'bout "I love you, man"
Got a VCR
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
Got a palace in the Hills overlooking the sea.
Got family and fans from New York to L.A.
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
Got my motherfuckin nigga RBX...definitely in this motherfucker
Got the hollow points for the snitches
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes
Got to buy my own island by the year 2 G...
Got you in spot like Lindscrafter but you try to diss
Gots the Dana's on your hootie and your fly ass bitch
Gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Grindin', diamonds shinin', and without one flaw.
Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate
Handed down the game by that nigga Ice-T
Hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Hated on by most these niggas
Hated on by most these niggas 
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos
Hating on the Taliban for keeping me captive,
He be walkin' on the streets and fuckin' with mine.
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Head-strong, nicknamed Dav from off the school yard
Headfirst off the deep end
Heart still in Compton
Heavy with the metal, Mel-Man rule
Heh y'knowhutI'msayin?
Hell yeah! You know what I'm talkin about?
Hell yeah, still "Alwayz Into Somethin'"
Hello
Here they come
Here they come! Chill out! Damn
Hey yo, that's how it is and that's how I want it
History's about to be made, I met'cha in a way
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard
Hit the skins and I break out like an inmate
Hittin switches, bumpin on cuts from the past
Hmm
Hmm, kind of sad and now I'm gone
Ho Please
Ho's see me comin in 3-D
Hoe-ass niggaz, talk too motherfuckin much (speak)
Hold up! Back to the clinic
Honeys start to stare.
Hop back as i pop my top ya trip
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
How bout bein a woman, and tellin the kid the truth
How nigga My last album was "The Chronic"
How would I look with Mike's complexion
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
How you feelin' whoopty=whoop nigga whut?
Huh, I cain't live my life on broke no mo'
Huh, I'm not a stranger to danger
Huh, so I guess I earned the title 'OG'
Hung in a 2 man cell wit my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Hush, let me burst, dare I gush
Hustlers and youngsters living amongst us.
I ain't a thug, how much Tupac in you, you got
I ain't havin that
I ain't having that
I ain't no bitch neither.
I be postin all-world in the ride
I be rockin on the East and the West Coast
I be the solo rollo which means I rule alone
I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G
I boots hits,throw tantrums like Ella Fitz
I break some off. I break some off.
I bring the fire till you're soaking in your seat
I bring the fizzy that's the obvious
I burn you like Backdrafter
I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts
I crack the code, must be the reason they reveal shit
I demand put me on
I deodirise the musty, ya rhymes are crusty, you can't bust G
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
I didn't understand
I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E
I don't give a hurried fuck, call Slim Shady,
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
I don't know just how it happened
I don't love dem so they can't love me)
I don't waste time, I need to get what's mine
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keepin a poker face
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
I drink (I drink)
I fell to the ground wit blood on my hands
I flow like CD's in the deck
I get high (I get high)
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
I give drugs to the thugs price-free
I go out and just come back full circle again
I got a grip but the only clip I load be the floppy disk
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that,
I got a mad crew of murderers, ex-burglars
I got dough but still call my hos on my burnout
I got mo' class than most of em, ran wit the best of em
I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these
I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker ready to kick some real shit
I gots to get fucked up
I gotta be the player!
I gotta get the chronic, the Reme Martin and my soda pop
I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump
I guess a nigga gettin what he got (GOT!)
I guess that's what I get (for what)
I had changed completely
I had you to keep the nigga, it didn't work out
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
I heard a dog yelpin but no helpin
I heard a gun bustin shots (SHOTS!), down the block (BLOCK!)
I hit a lick on the East for ten ki's
I just got a tune-up the other day, man, my shit and all that
I just had to let you rain all over me
I just sit back and watch the show.
I just wanna fuck bad bitches
I just wanna fuuuuuck you
I kicks my grip, the mic and kick shit
I left her up in Dallas, Texas - assed-out
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
I like that ol' gangsta shit
I love you baby hmm hmm
I make a phone call my niggaz comin' like the Gotti boys
I make it play, nigga, fuck what you got to say
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died wit you
I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
I moved out of the hood for good, you blame me?
I need to go to the bar and get me a drink, please
I never did time on a murder yet.
I own acres, floor seats watchin The Lakers
I peal, in the penatentaries, and when I kill it goes
I plead guilty
I really dream of gettin mine now let me tell you what's silly
I recyc' the murderous rhymes to slay them
I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on
I roll wit my shit off safety - for niggaz that been hatin me lately
I roll wit my shit off safety - for niggaz that been hatin me lately 
I shine my verbal styles and got niggas climbin on speakers, the thrill seekers
I smoke (I smoke)
I smoke on, I broke on till I spoke on
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
I spread Lizzy with ten mates
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
I straight put my 44 Desert Eagle to his motherfucking dome.
I think it's better to retellin' the facts than cuffed up
I think the attitudes are twice as worst
I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm goin through it with you
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
I told em all
I told you I was Dre and you know it don't stop.
I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
I use to be the same way back
I use your own rap against you, and I'm better.
I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
I walk the earth like Moses
I wanna be in and out, now, don't fuck around over here
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I warm it up like humidity
I was bangin wit a gang of instrumentals
I was just a dumb bitch, tryin to keep, a nigga that I wanted
I wish you wouldn't moosh like ya wanna come push
I woke up with a stomach ache, headache, back ache
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
I'll dump ya and leave ya stankin in the forest you Gump
I'll fuck one for y'all, they made ya last phone call
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff
I'll take like Anne Arden's new chips in wint-or
I'm Stranded on Death Row for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers
I'm a rich nigga still gettin public assistance
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry
I'm back up on my feet wit my mind on the money
I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases
I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases 
I'm cooler than most, but I got the shorter temper
I'm grab his pockets and then I heard six caps
I'm hittin switches, makin bitches eat bitches
I'm just a lot smarter now
I'm just having fun, just watching it fly by.
I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back
I'm murderin niggaz, Yo, and maybe because of the tone
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
I'm only 18, so I'm a young buck
I'm only makin sure you remember that
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach.
I'm out to glow a nigga roll if he think he Mr CREAM
I'm playin lead, not the background
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
I'm rippin hell, burnin the devil and inhale
I'm sayin', fuck that man, I'm tryin' to get the fuck up out of here, man
I'm slow but equipped with the proper tools
I'm still at it, After-mathematic
I'm talkin' about cockin' a guage in between your eyes.
I'm the one who's doin' it
I'm very precise when I shoot
I'ma get this one easy
I'ma have to ack-wild
I'ma make you believe, I gotta put it down like a real nigga should
I've seen 'em come; I've watched 'em go,
I've told you over and over again
If Cali blew up, I'd be in the Aftermath
If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with
If it was up to me
If she proper, I'ma pop her the hole hopper
If that's the truth, then I'm realizin I ain't no gangsta
If ya' do, ya' have no clue
If ya'll don't like me blow me
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' your stress
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
If you see me on the solo moves believe that I'm strapped.
If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump
Ignorance and greed take their ass by surprise.
In the SP or the MV, see three G
In the home of drivebys and ak-matics
In the last days, which side will you be on?
In the pen and the county jail
In thinkin I must spend dough til I'm dizzy
In this dimension, I'm the presenter
In with their FUCK FUCK
Indo smoke in ya lungs, like that
Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
It ain't gonna be nothin after that
It ain't gonna be nothing after that
It ain't nothing but more hot shit
It ain't nuttin like the street life
It literally feels like a lifetime ago
It takes half the time to get your life reversed
It was just one of those days
It's "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin' Cru
It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
It's Miscellane and it's on again
It's Rage, from cell block eight
It's a ride, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck
It's a rule, now go enter ya tomb
It's all the same shit all across the globe.
It's back on the track
It's called the ol'Rambo,catch ambush
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers.
It's either my life or your life,
It's fuckin ackrite
It's funny how time fly,
It's hardcore, B-boy rhymes just for you, y'knowI'msayin?
It's her MOMMA that told her,
It's how I ride - cartel style.
It's just another clip into my AK
It's just not me, but you know I'ma always ride wit you
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
It's like a jungle in this habitat
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like this, and we ain't got no love for those
It's like three and to the two
It's like, it's like this
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the troop
It's only one way, let's have gun play
It's real conversation for your ass
It's some game for all who's tryin ta split ya coats
It's still Dre Day, A.K. nigga
It's strage how I re-arange and change the buisness
It's the man that they call Jimmy Z gettin ya hyper
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E, from the CPT
It's the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
It's the root of all evil and sins.
It's time to bounce so where the player, mate?
It's time to put Bronson on the map now
It's where it takes place so I'm a ask your attention
It's worth 8, but I only paid 5 point 3.
I’ll guarantee they scream, "Dre, don’t leave us like that man!" cause
I’m just livin’ my mo’fuckin’ life
I’m just relapsin’
I’m supposed to stop, but I can’t
Jealous MC's still drinkin on that "Hator"rade
Johnny got a shotgun
Just get with the digits and be the fuck out, youknahmsayin?
Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same
Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back
Just remember that you fucking with a family man.
Just to floss you like a motherfuker, clownin' their shit
Keep us trapped in the same place we're raised in.
Keep writin til the next millenium
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Knew that I was strapped with gats
Knew that wasn't what I stood for
Knick-knack,paddy wack give a dog a bone
Knowledge is urban-able, exhaust manifold
Ladies, they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
Laid back in the shack, play this track
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Laugh now but cry much later
Layin lain with the shame, who's to blame
Learn the player rules, this is how I play a dude
Leave you in the blind, str-8 paralysed from ya spine
Let me break it down for y'all
Let me get a Cosmo
Let me holla at these niggaz for a minute..
Let me ride, just another homicide
Let's go, scary-ass nigga you hidin' somethin', let's keep
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
Let's keep this between me and you.
Let's scheme, nigga, we gots ta get CREAM
Let's take it back to the first side
Lick my balls, til they are dry,
Light a big fat one up for the world; and hit this
Like Dub-C I'm rich rollin, pistol holdin
Like I ain't got none
Like Play, I hittin you in the head like strays (BUU-YU-KOW!)
Like my 20-inch rims...
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better
Like my nigga DOC, no one can do it better 
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
Like the motherfuckin peter man
Like thongs, they ass out but win amounts with the Doctor
Like you want somethin free
Like you want something free
Lil' ghetto boy
Listenin' to yo demo in a stretch limo.
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Lock it down at seven o'clock, then again it's like Beirut
Long Beach City I wreck is my zone
Long Beach City-firmly represented
Long as my motherfucking pockets was fat
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
Lookin at us, now calling us busters,
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Luciano and all amounts, that's all that counts 'cause...
Luke's bendin over, so Luke's gettin fucked, busta
Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic
Lyrical the kick make me ya mentor
Lyrics bone shatterin
M-E-L-Man, niggas call me Most
MC mangler, tough like Wrangler
MC's couldn't find my path (Where you at niggas?)
Mad at 'cha boyfriend, aint 'cha?
Mad at me cause
Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode
Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin gurl!"
Make sure he got a good car gurl!
Makin videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Makin' wack math, backwards producers, I'm back bastards
Man I don't give a FUCK about what that nigga said man!
Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin
Man, fuck that man, get in the car, man aw, goddamn
Man, shut the fuck up, let me start my motherfuckin' shit
Man, this is what I'm talkin about
Man, understand, ah, ha, ha
Maybe I like hoes, maybe I don’t want a wife, maybe I’m psycho
Maybe I’m crazy, maybe I’m strapped right now, just maybe
Maybe it’s a relapse, maybe I’m high right now, where the weed at?
Maybe this is ER, maybe I’m a real doc and this is CPR
Maybe we are the life of this shit
Maybe we need to breathe some life in this shit
Me and my niggas like
Me don't show no love cuz it's us against them
Me gun goes click, me gun goes bang
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me to kill all of congress, like...[blurred]
Me, buckin with my team is murder one
Me, the lady of Rage
Mel, okay I'm here til infinity
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes
Miscellane packin shows like Farrakhan
Mobbin like a mothafucka but I ain't lynchin
Mobbin with your blues on, mad as hell
Momma was a hoe, I was weekend pussy
Moolah y'all.
Moosh fools in the face that lack respect
Most reigns supreme, niggas grab your umbrellas
Move units, then talk shit and we can do this
Movin tapes like weight, we's hip-hop cartel
Murder was the case that they gave me
Musta, thought I was sleazy
My dope spot in every nigga's hood
My flight batterin, keep the world ringin like *?Sadaran?*
My life is like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
My mothafuckin homie Doggy Dogg has my back
My rhymes come to life, my verbal forces attack
My shit be bumpin like in-grown hair
My shit be outta...space with the Ewok
My shit off in ya system
My whole crew lives illegal
My world is gone like disco
Nah,the member X but you'll remember X indeedy
Nap boulé (nap boulé)
Narrator X is representor
Nationowl divides this bomb to blow
Nationowl's anthem, got'cha soul on lock
Nationowl's defence covers my ass
Nationowl's on the side that I beat on
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
Nevertheless, not no stress, sucker ass niggaz!!
Next time you need a taste
Nigga ? got room, grab the gat for misbehavors
Nigga bow down to the row
Nigga how ya feel? (Nigga)
Nigga if you really want to take it there we can,
Nigga we can go round for round,
Nigga we started this gangsta shit.
Nigga, I see more green than St. Patrick
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what'cha wanna do
Nigga, better than my last batch, caramel complexion and her ass black
Nigga, don’t ask why (Ask why)
Nigga, it ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
Nigga, you trippin', now you trippin', nigga you trippin'
Niggas aim mainly at niggas they can't be.
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic,
Niggas get wrapped up in image and acting,
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back
Niggaz can't fuck with
Niggaz don't give a fuck so tem bust and before
Niggaz got AK's, niggaz is way crazier
Niggaz know, the flow that I kick, there's no refill
Niggaz ringin they ass up in the wrong part of town
Niggaz spray strays and shoot without lookin
Niggaz still playa hatin, but Dre ain't changed
Niggaz walk by and blast without leavin a footprint
No I'm not flaggin, but I'm just saggin
No boats, no snowmobiles and no ski's
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
No doubt players like me
No doubt, sit back on the couch
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
No joke, much over I scold
No justice so they copied ya right
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just
No nigga, I don't know, you paranoid
No prevention from this mention of sorts
No question, it's all about the D-R-E.
No question, kick back, watch my dope eye rise
No touchin and rubbin gul, you got a husband who
Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms
Not to be confused with the Bionic
Now I got a faggot-ass rapper attacking me
Now I know you understand my flow,
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth
Now I'm all up in that ass bitches
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
Now I've got to worry about this wannabe gansta,
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
Now all these fools talkin 'bout they some killers
Now baby, don't trip, it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Now call it what you want to
Now check me out, it's back to the old school
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
Now let the Chevrolet slide
Now many people die over these dead green guys.
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me
Now remember don't contest the (?Frex?)
Now she on this dick huh, got her turnin tricks huh
Now she's suing 'cause the shit she be doin' ain't shit
Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
Now that I need them, I don't see none of them
Now that's three times your tightest flow
Now this that puff, puff, pass shit, Cheech and Chong glass shit
Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched
Now we're strippin niggas like a Chippendale
Now you bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath, faggots
Now you do, bitch do me
Now you know I ain't wit that shit, Lieutenant
Now you know you're outdone
Now you might not understand me
Now you wanna bust, nigga, now you wanna kill, nigga (Nigga)
Now you wanna run around and talk about guns
Now, I'm 'trolling the dove, sitting on swoll
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now, we're working with some new improved shit on this track
Nuff respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme
Number one song after number one song
O what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do
O' what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do
Oh Dr Dre look at you, you fool
Oh for sure, check me out
Oh no man can recognize
Oh yeah, we smokin' all night
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Oh, ooh, shit girl, those niggaz are lookin' over here!
Oh, shit, don't look, don't look
Old buster ass nigga talkin' bullshit.
On a Street Knowledge mission, as I steps in the temple
On all counts let the ball bounce where it may
On the F-L-U-T-E, yeah
On the streets I be known as the jaw rearranger
On when I'm comin from the D-E-A-T-H in
On ya radio, stereo and your compact
Once inside ya ride, usin the mic like a screwdriver
Once or twice and you'll be twice as nice, get it?
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
One feed me mangoes, the other lightin my hash
One more CD and then I’m packin' up my bags and as I’m leavin'
One, two, three and to the fo'
Ooh in come funk
Ooh notes come wrong
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Or LA without the AK ready to pop.
Or my motherfuckin homey D.O.C.
Or since I'm Sun I'll melt the metaphor
Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G
Or take a trip bawlin' with the row
Or the Firm flop 
Or the Firm flopped
Or though I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy
Order rounds, we smokin' quarter pound of that good stuff
Osama Bin Laden, keeping it gangsta,
Our beat's on hit, keep the peace on
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Party all night, yeah its goin' down
Pass the bud, Who got the dope sacks?
Pass the microphone and watch this nigga crack the C
Peep out my manuscript
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
People I used to know just don't know me no more
Perfection is perfected, so I'm 'a let 'em understand
Platinum plaques cover my walls.
Play that motherfucker out there, nigga!!
Playing in the ghetto streets
Pledge a legiance to my team
Pleeease (Oh yeah) come back to me
Pleeease come back to me
Pockets swoll nigga, that's how I'm rollin
Prayin you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
Prepare or get done from the rear
Pretenders wantin to be Cinder-rella
Pro actors, game of life with no practice
Probably won't pass it, smoke it 'til the last hit
Protect ya arm, pitch from the funk
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
Put holes in niggas, real pretty
Put the flame to the killer nigga
Puttin it down for the Aftermath like this
Puttin soft niggas outta service
Puttin' the shit together
Question is - can I get some? Knahmsayin?
R-O-W takin, no shit
Rage, lyrical murderer
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (what?)
Ready to make an entrance, so back on up
Real G'z who drop K's, protect these N-U-T, so nigga please
Real G.
Real shitty like a black Frank Nitty
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Rip any fool that calls hisself an MC
Rockin shit on a task cam
Rollin the window down (Em: Hey can we talk it out?)
Room for moving in,but that was only mine
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges.
Said you treated me wrong
Sak pase (Sak passe)
See I never take a step on a Compton block
See me grab my dick everytime I pose for pictures
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a quick one servin my rocks
Seriously (She said) in all honesty
Shaky bitches off the dick
She on the dillzy, I take advantage
She sweatin me, won't let me, broad turned fraud
Shh, chill out, chill out
Shit is for real
Shit is heavy like a medicine ball and broke niggas to smoke niggas
Shit, shit, damn, they look, they look aight
Shit, what the fuck you want?
Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got
Shot your punk ass like ELEC now it's
Show me the one talkin shit so I can drop a fool
Shows I turn out
Similar to this,HA what's the repertoire-kick deadly wit lyrics
Since I did the crime, I gots ta do my time
Since it's the life that I choose to lead
Since the World Trade Bombings,
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Since way back I've been collecting my fee
Sip a glass of 'gnac,reload your nine milli
Sippin 151 that gave me too much pride to back down
Sittin in my livin room calm and collected
Sittin in my livin room calm and collected 
Slangin on things like a real ho
Slap on some D-R-E
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Slut I'm bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat
Smokin that sticky green grass
Snoop Dogg, D.O.C, Wren and Jay-Z,
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre are at the do'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
So I guess I gots ta handle mine
So I know you wanna see Jimmy Z
So RBX kick this shit
So any nigga that claim they bossin
So don't doubt it.
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
So fuck ya'll all of ya'll
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap
So here we go when Death Row
So if money is the root I want the whole damn tree.
So if you've got'cha county cheque give it to me
So jus' chill, 'til the next episode
So just call him the Pied Piper
So leave me alone I'm in the zone
So let em' fall and let me have another
So now she's takin' me to court
So now we're gonna move on and uhh...
So now you know...
So recognize and pass to Daz
So remember I go hardcore, and slam
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
So what you wanna do
So what? I’m drunk (I’m drunk)
So when I crawl I comes correct
So where's all the mad rappers at
So would you just walk on by, cuz I'm too hard to lift
Some niggas say that nigga Where is gone
Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang
Some shit I can just kick back to, smoke a fat ass joint to
Soon as we get to the beach I'ma put my fuckin mack down
Sorry, you'd blow... blow cocks,
Sorry... come again.
South Central out to the Westside (wessyde)
Speed boat traffic, bitches automatic
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Standin in back of me was my soul
Statutory lyrics is how I rape the rap
Stay in my last joint, don't fuck with me fool
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Still an everyday brother with my eyes on the prize
Still gonna get mine regardless
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
Still, I stay close to the heat
Stompin on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on
Straight West Coast nigga, ain't no pity
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
Straight or illegal - it's still the root of all evil
Straight sitting behind his back
Stranded on Death Row
Stranded on Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit
Strapped with the bulletproof vest in the front and back Regal
Study your own, get your own -- yahmsayin?
Stupid punk can't fuck with a mastermind.
Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or two
Super-soft niggas become enemies
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
TELL THE KID!
THE OL' KEEP A NIGGA BABY
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Take a walk through the hood, and we up to no good
Take my time analysing every song that dies
Takin' away like hell at Veitnam
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Talkin louder than a motherfucker but ain't sayin shit
Tape one hit when I serve these fiends, stuff mo' potent than Bolivian
Tell me where ya wanna go
Thangs will remain the same until I change 'em
That I'm making as soon as I touch the street
That a gat will make any nigga civilised.
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
That the grain will hit the scratch
That'll make you drop to your knees, 'cause you realise
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
That's fucked up, what they put in this weed?
That's how it is and that's how I want it
That's if I don't mash them all to mush
That's my homey and we call him Warren G
That's the difference
That's the only way we'll beat em man
That's what they say, every single motherfuckin day, yo
That's what's wrong with you niggaz, you niggaz is just like bitches
That's why it's time for the doctor, to check your ass, nigga
That's why they call this shit Chronic
That's why we always save the best cut last
That's why you're all alone
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
The Strangest things can happen to an Afghan
The aggravated, makin these punk muh'fuckers hate it
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
The chronic, slangin' fat keys from my block
The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
The dotted Maxwell from only a minimum of set sales
The funky funky flute is just what Jimmy gave ya
The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal
The hood you threw up with, niggaz you grew up with
The hoodrats wanna do me
The little homies from the hood wit grip
The long-awaited Detox, trick
The love that's in the sky
The meatphors are meltin,style is beltin
The motherfuckers ridin' past lookin' all at me and shit
The name is Dre, Eastwood when I'm packin' a gun.
The narrator RBX, cell block two
The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall
The reason why they take me life and me ???? hand
The strangest things can happen from rappin, when
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental
The top notch nigga, I'm fiendin for that spot
Them never ever love me cuz it's sport to break de,
Them rion in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Then I flush wack material
Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with
Then go drop the blame on Bin Laden.
Then go home with, something to poke on (what's up bitch?)
Then one day it dawned on me
Then some shiteaters fly planes and wreak havoc,
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous,
Then we gon creep to South Central
There'll be no repentence
There's three types of people in the world
These niggaz don't know what the fuck is goin on
They call me 'Big Bone' and on my worst night I fades em all
They find that they couldn't handle us
They fuckable? What's up, is they fuckable or what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thang fucked up
They keep it real cos they know that Dre come with Bombay
They said they was ridin' to the death, but where the fuck are they now?
They say rap's changed, they want to know how I feel about it
They smile in a nigga face - and for what?
They wanna hang us, see us dead, enslave us,
They want to know if he still got it
They will shake the hand,he is only to heard l-oo-oo-ng
They will shake the hand,never really seen and only heard
They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand
Things done changed but it's alright
Things just ain't the same for Bin Laden,
Things just ain't the same for Osama,
Things just ain't the same for gangstas,
Things just ain't the same for gangstas.
Think about whoopin some ass, but what the fuck stoppin ya
Thinking of the easiest way to get a bank roll
Thirsty bitches
This a drunken-ass nigga
This is for the bitches and niggas that wanna front
This is for the millionaires,
This is my planet but I never wear the Reebok
This is my world and I'm shittin on it
This is the Chronic, ahh, hha, hha
This is the millenium of Aftermath
This is the millennium of Aftermath
This motherfucker drunk as a mother
This planet hates me more than Michael Jackson,
This shit be on my mind like O'Donnells interceptions
Those who are quiet, will always cause riots
Those who don't know what happened
Those who wonder what happened
Thought they were moving in and now they wanna cut us wrong
Thought you'd never see me again
Threatening to find my little cave and blast it,
Three times is clever (BUCK!)
Throw a stack in the air and watch brothers start plottin',
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that hoe
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they givin' it up
Tight than a motherfucker with the gangsta beats
Times is changing, young niggas is aging,
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
To a trick that didn't even care
To add to my collection, the selection
To add to the wall full of plaques
To all my opponents who wanna kick it, I spark
To bump when stroll through in your hood
To make way for these new names and faces, but
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
To my motherfuckin homies doin time
To show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
To the strip
To their homies they can hang by dealin' with me.
To write a verse, fuck I'll do it for ya,
To your surprise
Told you don't fuck around over here and shit, whatever
Took a motherfuckin' hour to get dressed
Took it to the next level when I use to DJ
Took out a lot of motherfuckers for tryin' to prove
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga burn the shit up
Treat my rap like Cali weed, I smoke till I sleep
Truck, like Toyata driven
True and livin drivin with the gat
Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded
Tryna get this damn label off
Two loc'ed out G's so we're craaaaazay!
Ugn, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Uhh, aah, poked your bitch in the eye
Uhh, pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush
Underground till my brown eyed balls turned blue
Unfadable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
United we stand, divided we don't have a prayer
Until then - I ain't even speakin your name
Use the hole as a straw and blow sperm out your nostrils.
Used to be my homey, used to be my ace
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
Wake up, jumped out my bed
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile
Walkin the streets on my own, nigga get blown
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow.
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it and watched 'em blow.
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough.
We can't be kissin and huggin gul, you got a husband who
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
We gotta smoke em, then choke em
We have your motherfuckin record company surrounded
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking molasses
We smoke leaf cos we live like G's
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Welcome to the Aftermath
Well I'm peepin', and I'm creepin', and I'm creep-in'
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
Went, visited niggas in the hospital.
What can I say? Cal-i-for-ni-A
What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson
What happened to just fallin in love with a nigga with a bus pass --
What more can I say? (Let's make a million)
What the fuck they lookin' at? I'm sayin' you ain't seen
What the fuck you want?
What they say? (What they say?)
What you niggas looking at? You do in...
What you think I sold 'em all
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
What, cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad
What?
What? That shoe you tryin ta wears, not fittin
When I come thru, player haters, women one-two
When I kick up wicked raps
When I see you in the spot, you just ackrite, youknahmsayin?
When I yank you by the fuckin perm
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
When me and my crew came bustin through
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumping me
When my last cd was out you wasn't bumpin me
When people get wrapped up in Islam and Allah,
When we rock to the beat of accapella
When you wanna come and fill these shoes.
When you was a new jack and jockin my new track
When you were cuddled with cabbage patch
When you were cuddling a cabbage patch
When you're slippin, I slip the clip in
Where is on another level with two niggas that's on the same plateau
Where niggaz die everyday over some shit they say
Where the niggaz get their strap on, don't nobody cap on
Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate
Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch
While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts
While labels were sound asleep, Nowl peeped and creeped
While my deez keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin I'll be
While these other niggas talk about it.
While ya on stage rappin at your wack-ass concerts
White boys say it now "Cool, cool, cool!!!"
Who knows what evil lurks within them
Who pays other rappers to write his wack shit,
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Who you think brought you the OGs
Who you think brought you the o' G's
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Who you think helped mold em all
Who you think taught you to smoke trees
Who's the doc that he told you to go see
Who's the doc that they told you to go see
Who've got people they know, so I suggest you lay low.
Why you can't get down with Nationowl
Why you motherfucking brothers hard to find.
With Jordache devils and Calvin Kleins
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
With big money, big nuts, and a big fat chronic sack
With my nuts on ya tonsils
With no cheese, no deals and no G's, no wheels and no keys
With the 48-tracks and the M-I-C.
With this gangsta rap, like I'm not gonna battle,
With treachery, my literary form will blast
With your hands out lookin up to me
With your hands out looking up to me
Witta teenage group I'm turnin loots to tracks
Wonder will we have drama or, end up clownin whores
WooooooWheee, this is shouting a motherfucker, man
Word on the streets
Word up, knowhutI'msayin? One time for your mind, y'knowI'msayin?
Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip
Worldwide homicide mob figure and a builder, for real
Worldwide, got the triple beam, I slide.
X flex lyric they can't come back
Y'knowhutI'msayin?
Ya hear it all the time but now ya gotta hear it from the truth
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad cuz they can't fade us
Ya wanna blame Tha Alkaholik group
Ya'll are gonna keep fuckin around with me
Ya'll are gonna keep fucking around with me
Ya'll better listen up closely
Ya'll know me still the same OG
Ya'll know me still the same ol' G
Yeah
Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy
Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on
Yeah nigga I see your lips quiverin
Yeah nigga, you'se a penguin lookin motherfucker
Yeah nigga...
Yeah, I break some off.
Yeah, I break some off. I break some off.
Yeah, Mista Busta, where the fuck ya at?
Yeah, and ya' don't stop
Yeah, and you don't stop
Yeah, puff puff pass that shit right here
Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin about
Yeah, you know what’s happenin’
Yes
Yes I will baby, please
Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti
Yes yes y'all, ooh funk....
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
Yes, it is I says me
Yes, yo!, I'm in the house now for sure
Yet and still it makes the world go around,
Yo Dogg, check it kick back
Yo man, give me some of that ol' gangsta shit, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Yo straight puttin down gettin my scoot on
Yo yo whut sup?
Yo, I know you understand my flow,
Yo, from upstate to Brooklyn, the whole borough's thorough
Yo, now you know the path I'm on
Yo, re-re, come on man, let's get the fuck up out of here, man
Yo, yo, yo, hold it, hold it, whassup, this shit?
You KNEW when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
You ain't killin shit and they gon' let shit die
You ask "Who the hell am I?"
You better bow down on both knees
You can have it back
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
You can't try to be real (You can't try to be real)
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
You didn't put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker, goddamn!
You don't believe me, wanna step up and give it a try.
You droop first blood,mother thought you was the lone
You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it
You fucked wit me, now it's a must that I fuck wit you
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You got that right
You hear the bass from the trunk when I'm on the block
You hear?
You homofuck, you ain't the only one goin' platinum.
You knew he already had a family
You know the people right there?
You know the time, y'knowI'msayin?
You know those motherfuckers right there?
You know you can't fuck with my motherfuckin DJ
You know, and I know, I flow some ol funky shit
You knowhatI'msayin, punk motherfucker
You motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
You motherfuckin clone, get off that nigga's style and get'cha own
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
You muthafuckas would stop comin up to me 
You need to give him your quality time
You never been on a ride like this befo'
You never know she could be earnin' her man,
You pimpin strong, but comin home, to sheets that be filthy
You see the truth is
You still lick dick, this is Booshu Babara.
You think you're strong, see if you can travel on
You tryin to check my homey, you better check yo self
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
You wanna know what the hos used to do
You want a stairway to heaven?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill.
You'll never get the jezzy bare, knuckle
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit
You're too ninny not to hear me nigga, yo.
You'se a bad girl, gotta spank ya
YouknowhutI'msayin? He hahahahahahaha
Young and old, my niggas who's on parole
Your dick on hard, from fuckin your road dogs
Your mail go back like Emmitt Smith's hairline
Your're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts
Youse a soldier, you're probably packin heat up there
Zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it.
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
and Firm Fiascoes - assholes
and Hitman hit it; damn bitches
and I don't give a fuck cause I'm drunk and I'm a G like Spoonie
and come up on me some furniture or sometin
and half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the Row, is bailin
and he ain't even strong enough to cock one
and here I am again, me, turn the other cheek, me
and in the PJ's I DJ and blow amps
and kill at my own risk if I may
and me don't give a fuckin of my problems
and no this ain't Aerosmith
and no, GOD, ya don't pull a strap, cos [gun shot] FUCK THAT!
and ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
and stole the ground beneath they feet
and team o' outcast niggas who're quick to blast
and the bitches that wanna break me
and the chocolate faded boom, flossin hip-hop tunes
and they gon' tell yo' what's really goin on
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats, that I
as I groove in my four on deez, hittin the switches
at the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
but I damn near got caught, 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
but I don't represent no gangbang
but before I hit the dope spot
but you fucked him anyway!!!
but, naw, that nigga Tela must've hit the loot
car stealers, big time drug dealers
cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial
cause he take care of his REAL family
cause that nigga ain't shit."
cause these niggaz is bangin ten times harder now
cause we rebels over here, I smell Chronic in the air
cos I get a tingle in the jimmy after three days in it
cos Most he be mega
custom designed, for instrumental
cuz what I just heard broke me in half
doin a tango..
don't be lookin at a nigga crazy
hit ya with that I, get ya with
hollerin about word on the street is dis nigga said dis..
in the back of my car
jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this
like a gas pedal, get on that sixty-four Chevy level
like a syllable shotty, sippin 40's
like them ?? girls, ridin shotgun, baby
loves.. you..
niggaz backin up three black shows
niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
now everything I drive is on Deez
on a rhymin' spree, a straight G
on a ryhmin' spree, a straight G
on my dick, cause my four on hit
on my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin
on planet motherfuckin Earth, is her momma
or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
or my last dove outta beats we be makin
pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit
peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets
plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me
recognise the great King Tee, about twenty grand a ki
rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
so listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
so me bust, flick cuz he don't give a fuck
so on, and so-on, why don't you let me roll on
so sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt
started from that S.O.B., D.R.E.
still fully loaded, cocked the handgun
straight out the roof of my Lexus coupe
symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
takin over, no doubt
than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days
that I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
that gangster glare, with gangster raps
that gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps, uhh
that means we takin over this year
that yo' momma, you was a hoe!
that's why he ain't here - but he a good nigga
the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
the verbal scientist in your title, I'm walkin wit it
then I step like Omega's hifi (AWROOF!)
they wish they was a runnin' up in reality
til my nigga Karl Phat's respect due
to add to my collection, the selection
to break down the speed
to straight breakin down and showin all emotions
tryin ya hardest to delay
when I wanted to catch sunrays
while the face of earth gets ugly, we ever lovely
with Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (yeah)
with a producer who can rap and control the maestro
with all the niggaz sayin
with more chips than Frito Lay.
with my jeans on, and my team strong
with that ill shit, I came to kill shit
with the Ese's thumpin, nigga it's time ta rob and mob
with their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker i'm Dre
woofin all that bullshit talkin 'bout they got this and got that
word to the motherfuckin streets
ya wanna make noise, make noise
ya'll are the reason Dre ain't been getting no sleep
yeah, cuz if it don't stop
you went and got pregant - didn't you bitch, DIDN'T YOU!!
‘Cause maybe I don’t wanna stop, maybe I don’t wanna quit